Sharp Sapphire Ferret

High

# Small amount of bad debt can result in big LP losses

## Summary
No matter how much bad debt a position has all of it's assets are transferred to the owner and all of it's debt gets registered as bad deb. This will mean that a 100k position with 10k of bad debt will cause 100k of bad debt to be accounted in the pool.

## Vulnerability Detail
In some cases where markets are fast and liquidators won't have enough time to liquidate all of the debt [liquidateBadDebt](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/PositionManager.sol#L446-L464) would be called. However the strange thing in this function is that it' sending all of the position assets directly to the owner. This may be intended but it won't go without massive consequences for the rest of the users. 

```solidity
    function liquidateBadDebt(address position) external onlyOwner {
        riskEngine.validateBadDebt(position);

        address[] memory positionAssets = Position(payable(position)).getPositionAssets();
        uint256 positionAssetsLength = positionAssets.length;

        for (uint256 i; i < positionAssetsLength; ++i) {
            uint256 amt = IERC20(positionAssets[i]).balanceOf(position);
            try Position(payable(position)).transfer(owner(), positionAssets[i], amt) { } catch { }
        }

        uint256[] memory debtPools = Position(payable(position)).getDebtPools();
        uint256 debtPoolsLength = debtPools.length;
        for (uint256 i; i < debtPoolsLength; ++i) {
            pool.rebalanceBadDebt(debtPools[i], position);
            Position(payable(position)).repay(debtPools[i], type(uint256).max);
        }
    }
```

Even though volatile assets may drop in price quick they probably won't lose 100% of their value, meaning that the bad debt will be the difference between value of the taken debt and the value of those assets.

$$
\text{bad debt} = \text{value of debt} - \text{value of assets}
$$

However since the owner is taking 100% of the assets, he is essentially making the bad debt to be 100% of the debt taken. 

Example:
1. Alice has borrowed 100k USD, but due to a price move her asset value is now worth 80k
2. The owner calls [liquidateBadDebt](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/PositionManager.sol#L446-L464) to remove her position from the system before it loses even more value
3. However now the LP providers in the pool suffer bad debt worth 100k USD, even thought Alice has generated only 20k of bad debt

Converting 100% of the debt to bad debt is not efficient for the LP providers as it adds too much risk into the system. One such accident will cause a whole year or more worth of APR to be removed.

## Impact
Small amount of bad debt can result in big losses for the pool.

## Code Snippet
Shown above

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Sell the assets to pay as much of the bad debt as possible and redistribute the rest.