Delightful Gingerbread Goose

Medium

# Pausing the `PositionManager` could render a user unable to stabilize his/her position

## Summary

The `PositionManager` can be paused in bad situations, with the idea of minimizing any unwanted impact on the protocol. However, the current settings for the `whenNotPaused` modifier,  could result in the borrowers not being able to keep their positions healthy.

## Vulnerability Detail

As per the previous audit by [Guardian](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/audits/sentiment_v2_guardian.pdf) adding `whenNotPaused` to the `PositionManager.sol` contract could lead to issues for a user to stabilize their positions, where before, the issue was with the `addToken` functionality. The protocol team decided to remove this modifier from `addToken`, and has now added it to the `process(...)` and `processBatch(...)` functions. However, this solution does not remove the problem, as now when the contract is paused, the user cannot do anything to stabilize his/her position in the event of collateral price changes. On the other hand, the `liquidate(...)` function can be called even when the `PositionManager` is paused, which could lead to the user losing his/her collateral and being unable to do anything to save it.

## Impact

Users cannot stabilize their positions in the event of price fluctuations, which can lead to their assets being wrongly liquidated.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/25a0c8aeaddec273c5318540059165696591ecfb/protocol-v2/src/PositionManager.sol#L229
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/25a0c8aeaddec273c5318540059165696591ecfb/protocol-v2/src/PositionManager.sol#L238

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Remove the `whenNotPaused` functionality from the `process(...)` and `processBatch(...)` functions and set it only to those functions which require it (e.g. `transfer`, `borrow`, `approve`). By doing so a user will be able to take care of his/her position (e.g. by repaying or adding more collateral tokens) even when the contract is paused.