Droll Flint Toad

High

# Users can be unfairly liquidated when the contract is paused

### Summary

If a borrow of any user becomes unhealthy while the `PositionManager` contract is paused, he can be unfairly liquidated by a liquidator while the contract is still paused.

### Root Cause

the `process`and `processBatch` functions allow a user to borrow and repay a position debt, these functions  implement the `whenNotPaused` modifier, so these functions will revert if a user calls them while the contract is paused denying the user the possibility of paying a debt that goes unhealthy while the contract is paused, but the `liquidate` function that a liquidator can use to liquidate a function will not revert while the contract is paused, because these function doesn't implement the `whenNotPaused` modifier, so a liquidator can call the liquidate function to unfairly liquidate a position debt while the contract is paused.

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. a user deposits in a position and borrows some assets from the pool.
2. the user is paying the debt regularly.
3. something happens and the `PositionManager` contract is set on pause for some time by the owner of the contract.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/PositionManager.sol#L211
4. the user sees his debt going underwater and tries to call the `process` function in the `PositionManager` to repay his debt, but this call is reverted because is using the `whenNotPaused` modifier.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/PositionManager.sol#L229
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/PositionManager.sol#L238
5. A liquidator sees the position debt becoming unhealthy, so he calls the `liquidate` function in the `PositionManager` contract to liquidate the debt while the contract is still on pause.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/PositionManager.sol#L430-L434
6. the user is unfairly liquidate while the contract is paused because he is blocked to pay his debt, but the liquidator is not blocked to liquidate the debt while the contract is pause.

### Impact

users that have debts that go underwater while the `PositionManager` contract is on pause can be unfairly liquidated by liquidators while the contract is still on pause.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

block the liquidate function calls when the contract is paused implementing the whenNotPaused modifier.