Abundant Hazel Newt

Medium

# SuperPool is NOT strictly ERC4626 compliant

## Summary
SuperPool is NOT strictly ERC4626 compliant.

## Vulnerability Detail
#### 1. maxDeposit()
According to [eip-4626](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4626#methods):
> `maxDeposit()` MUST factor in both global and user-specific limits, like if deposits are entirely disabled (even temporarily) it MUST return 0.

In SuperPool.sol, `maxDeposit()` does not return 0 when deposits are paused (`deposit()` should be pausable, this is another issue in the codebase).

> MUST return 2 ** 256 - 1 if there is no limit on the maximum amount of assets that may be deposited.

In SuperPool.sol, `superPoolCap` can be set to $type(uint256).max$ (no limit), `maxDeposit()` should return $ype(uint256).max - 1$ if that is the case.

#### 2. maxMint()
According to [eip-4626](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4626#methods):
> MUST factor in both global and user-specific limits, like if mints are entirely disabled (even temporarily) it MUST return 0.

In SuperPool.sol, `maxMint()` does not return 0 when mints are paused (`mint()` should be pausable, this is another issue in the codebase).

> MUST return 2 ** 256 - 1 if there is no limit on the maximum amount of shares that may be minted.

In SuperPool.sol, `superPoolCap` can be set to $type(uint256).max$ (no limit), `maxMint()` should return $ype(uint256).max - 1$ if that is the case.

#### 3. maxWithdraw()
According to [eip-4626](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4626#methods):
> MUST factor in both global and user-specific limits, like if withdrawals are entirely disabled (even temporarily) it MUST return 0.

In SuperPool.sol, `maxWithdraw()` does not return 0 when withdrawals are paused (`withdraw()` should be pausable, this is another issue in the codebase).

#### 4. maxRedeem()
According to [eip-4626](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4626#methods):
> MUST factor in both global and user-specific limits, like if redemption is entirely disabled (even temporarily) it MUST return 0.

In SuperPool.sol, `maxRedeem()` does not return 0 when redemption are paused (`redeem()` should be pausable, this is another issue in the codebase).

## Impact

SuperPool is NOT strictly ERC4626 compliant as it is state in README, may cause integration issues.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/SuperPool.sol#L25

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Make SuperPool strictly ERC4626 compliant.