Droll Flint Toad

Medium

# The contracts cannot be paused correctly because the pauseable modifiers are not used in the main functions of the contracts.

### Summary

The `superPool` contract cannot be paused, because it doesn't implement the `whenNotPaused` modifier and the `PositionManager` contract can only pause the `process` and `processBatch` function but allows the users to interact with the other function in the contract, when the contract is paused.

### Root Cause

The Pausable modifiers `whenNotPaused` or `whenPaused` are not used in the `SuperPool` contract and are not implemented in all the main functionality of the `PositionManager` contract, these allow the users to interact with the contracts even when they are paused.

### Internal pre-conditions

N/A

### External pre-conditions

N/A

### Attack Path

any user can interact with the contracts when they are paused.

### Impact

The contracts cannot be paused.

### PoC

The `PositionManager` and the `SuperPool` contracts inherit from the `Pausable` contract, so the owner can fully pause the contract if something wrong happens, the owner can pause or unpause the contracts by calling the `togglePause` function, this should pause the main functionality of the contracts to avoid the users can interact with the contracts in case of a hack.

```solidity
 /// @notice Toggle pause state of the PositionManager
    function togglePause() external onlyOwner {
        if (PausableUpgradeable.paused()) PausableUpgradeable._unpause();
        else PausableUpgradeable._pause();
    }
```

The problem is that the `PositionManager` only implements the `whenNotPaused` modifier in the `process` and `processBatch` functions allowing the users to interact with other functions during a pausing event.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/PositionManager.sol#L229
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/PositionManager.sol#L238
```solidity
    function process(address position, Action calldata action) external nonReentrant whenNotPaused {
       // Code omitted
    }

    function processBatch(address position, Action[] calldata actions) external nonReentrant whenNotPaused {
        // Code omitted
    }
```

  And the SuperPool doesn't use the `whenNotPaused` modifier in any function, so the contract can't be paused at all.

### Mitigation

implement the `whenNotPaused` or `whenPaused` modifiers in the main functions of the `PositionManager` and the `SuperPool` contracts.