Bitter Sandstone Worm

Medium

# PositionManager::newPosition() - Using address collision and flash loan, an attacker can drain the entire protocol.

### Summary
This issue takes inspiration from [this issue](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia-judging/issues/59) and [this issue](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-kyber-swap-judging/issues/90) thus a lot of the information will be taken straight from there.

The `PositionManager` function `newPosition()` creates a beacon proxy position contract for the user using CREATE2. We show that a meet-in-the-middle attack at finding an address collision against an undeployed position is possible and it will allow draining 5 entire pools of all their assets.

The attack consists of two parts: Finding a collision, and then borrowing from the pools:

When a new position proxy is [deployed](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/0b472f4bffdb2c7432a5d21f1636139cc01561a5/protocol-v2/src/PositionManager.sol#L278) we use `CREATE2` and a salt which consists of `owner` and `salt`, which both are user-supplied values:

```solidity
// data -> abi.encodePacked(address, bytes32)
        // owner -> [:20] owner to create the position on behalf of
        // salt -> [20:52] create2 salt for position
        address owner = address(bytes20(data[0:20]));
        bytes32 salt = bytes32(data[20:52]);

        // hash salt with owner to mitigate positions being frontrun
        salt = keccak256(abi.encodePacked(owner, salt));
        // create2 a new position as a beacon proxy
        address position = address(new BeaconProxy{ salt: salt }(positionBeacon, ""));
```

We need to find 2 things: 
1. Undeployed position address
2. Attacker controlled address

Both can be found in the following way:
1. Since `salt` is user-supplied, by brute forcing many `salt` values we find many undeployed positions.
2. Can be found the same way, the contract has to be deployed with `CREATE2` and the salt is in the attackers control by default.

An attacker can find any single address collision between (1) and (2) with high probability of success using the following meet-in-the-middle technique, a classic brute-force-based attack in cryptography:

- Brute-force a sufficient number of values of salt $(2^{80})$, pre-compute the resulting position addresses, and efficiently store them e.g. in a Bloom filter data structure.
- Brute-force contract pre-computation to find a collision with any address within the stored set in step 1.

The feasibility, as well as detailed technique and hardware requirements of finding a collision, are sufficiently described in multiple references:

[#1](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-kyber-swap-judging/issues/90) - Past accepted issue
[#2](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia-judging/issues/59) - Another accepted issue
[#3](https://github.com/code-423n4/2024-04-panoptic-findings/issues/482) - Another accepted issue
[#3](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-3607) - EIP-3607, which rationale is this exact attack. The EIP is in final state.
[#4](https://mystenlabs.com/blog/ambush-attacks-on-160bit-objectids-addresses) - Blog discussing the attack

The [hashrate of the BTC network](https://www.blockchain.com/explorer/charts/hash-rate) has reached $6×10^{20}$ hashes per second as of time of writing, taking only just 33 minutes to achieve $2^{80}$ hashes. A fraction of this computing power will still easily find a collision in a reasonably short timeline.

Pulling this off, the attacker can target any 5 debt pools he wishes. For collateral he can simply use a flash loan combined with `processBatch` to borrow up-to the limit of the health of the position. The only cost for the attacker would be to find the collision and pay his flash loan fees.

An example is provided in **Attack Path**

### Root Cause
Using `CREATE2` with user-supplied `salt`

### Internal pre-conditions
None

### External pre-conditions
None

### Attack Path
Now, all the attacker needs to do is the following:
1. Deploy the attack contract to the collided address.
2. Set approvals for all the debt tokens he is going to borrow + the collateral token that he is going to use, to another address.
3. `selfdestruct` the contract. Post Cuncun this is still possible if `selfdestruct` is called in the constructor of the contract, so all the above steps along with this one have to happen in one transaction.
4. After this deploy the real position to the collided address.
5. Add an asset as collateral to the position using `addAsset`, flash loan the asset and transfer it directly to the position.
6. Borrow as many tokens from as many pools as possible, using `process` and `processBatch` up to the maximum that your position health allows.
7. In the same transaction, use the approved address from step 2 to transfer both the collateral + all the borrowed assets out of the position.
8. Repay the flash loan + it's fee.
9. 5 pools can be completely drained of all assets.

### Impact
Complete loss of funds of up to 5 pools.

### PoC


### Mitigation
Do not use a user-supplied salt or use `CREATE` instead of `CREATE2`. This will severely limit and make it near impossible to find one part of the collision.