Young Yellow Oyster

Medium

# CREATE2 address collision against an position will allow complete draining of Singleton pool.

## Summary
The `PositionManager::newPosition()` allows anyone to deploy position contract using create2. Using create2 collision an attacker can drain all the deposits from the Singleton pool and can run with the loan amount.

## Vulnerability Detail
This report is inspired from past valid reports ([1](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia-judging/issues/59), [2](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-makerdao-endgame-judging/issues/109), [3](https://github.com/code-423n4/2024-04-panoptic-findings/issues/482))

Note: It is recommended to go through this [finding](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia-judging/issues/59)

### PoC: 
Note that in `PositionManager::newPosition()`, CREATE2 salt is user-supplied, and owner is also user-supplied:
```solidity
    function newPosition(address predictedAddress, bytes calldata data) internal {
        address owner = address(bytes20(data[0:20]));
        bytes32 salt = bytes32(data[20:52]);

    @>  salt = keccak256(abi.encodePacked(owner, salt));
        address position = address(new BeaconProxy{ salt: salt }(positionBeacon, ""));
        ownerOf[position] = owner;
        isAuth[position][owner] = true;
        if (position != predictedAddress) revert PositionManager_PredictedPositionMismatch(position, predictedAddress);
        emit PositionDeployed(position, msg.sender, owner);
    }
```
1. Which means the salt is technically is users control. An attacker who can find an address collision will be able to deploy a malicious contract at the address that will collide with the position.
2. Once malicious contract is deploy an attacker can set infinite allowance for any token they want, to there address.
3. Attacker will destroy malicious the contract using selfdestruct. Post Dencun hardfork, selfdestruct is still possible if the contract was created in the same transaction. The only catch is that all 3 of these steps must be done in one tx.
4. The attacker now has complete control of any funds sent to create2 collision address and can move around funds freely.
5. Attacker now deploy the position contract on the create2 collision address.
6. Deposit an asset using `deposit()`, get loan using borrow(), and transfer the loan using`transfer()` than attack can drain the collateral using the allowance set in malicious contract.
7. Repeat step 6 for as long as they need to (i.e. collateralize the same asset multiple times).
8. The position at collided address is now infinitely collateralized.
9. Funds for step 6 and 7 can be obtained through external flash loan. Simply return the funds when the whole attack is finished.
10. Once the position is colateralized attacker can get loan from multiple pools IDs of singleton pool.
11. Now the attacker position can transfer loan to it's address using ` transfer()` and than drain the collateral using the allowance set in malicious contract to return flash loan.
12. That's how attacker can get loan without holding any asset in position.

## Impact
Complete draining of a singleton lending pool if an address collision is found.

With the advancement of computing hardware, the cost of an attack has been shown to be just a few million dollars, and that the current Bitcoin network hashrate allows about 2^80 in about half an hour. The cost of the attack may be offsetted with longer brute force time.

For a DeFi lending pool, it is normal for a pool TVL to reach tens or hundreds of millions in USD value (top protocols' TVL are well above the billions). It is then easy to show that such an attack is massively profitable.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/PositionManager.sol#L268

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Some mitigation methods may be used:
* Do not allow a user-supplied salt, as well as do not use the user address as a determining factor for the salt.
* Use the vanilla contract creation with create, as opposed to create2.

