Bitter Sandstone Worm

Medium

# Blockchain reorgs may result in locked funds for the victim

### Summary

[SuperPoolFactory#deploySuperPool](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/0b472f4bffdb2c7432a5d21f1636139cc01561a5/protocol-v2/src/SuperPoolFactory.sol#L56) is vulnerable to [reorg](https://abarbatei.xyz/blockchain-reorgs-for-managers-and-auditors) attack issues, because it uses `create` opcode. This opcode uses only the deployer address + deployer address nonce (count of deployed contract) to [calculate the address of the new SuperPool](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/0b472f4bffdb2c7432a5d21f1636139cc01561a5/protocol-v2/src/SuperPoolFactory.sol#L67), which is being deployed. In the contest README it is written that compatible chains are all EVM chains. We assume Mainnet and Polygon are valid chains for this scope, as those are the chains with the most frequent and deep reorganizations.

### Root Cause

Using `create` when deploying `SuperPool` from `SuperPoolFactory`
 
### Internal pre-conditions

- Someone is calling `SuperPoolFactory#deploySuperPool`
- Someone (maybe depositor) deposits to the address, which is returned from the above operation
- Expoiter should have victim's funds + 2%

### External pre-conditions

- Blockchain reorg event is happening, which includes victims `SuperPoolFactory#deploySuperPool` transaction 

### Attack Path

Imagine the following scenario:
1. Victim wants to create a SuperPool for WETH and calls `SuperPoolFactory#deploySuperPool` and that operation returns `firstSuperAddress`
2. Victim calls `firstSuperAddress.deposit` with amount of 10 WETH
3. Victim starts to add base pools to his super pool.
4. Reorg is happening
5. The Expoiter bot detects the event and here is the order of his actions:
- Expoiter manages to put a new `SuperPoolFactory#deploySuperPool`, which will be before the victim's transaction after the reorg, which will result in `firstSuperAddress`, but with the exploiter as owner/modifier of the pool.
- Victim deploy and deposit transactions hit execution with the new blockchain state, but his deployed SuperPool is on another address, while `deposit` transaction is still using `firstSuperAddress`
- Exploiter creates new base pool with the cheapest rate model and WETH as lending and some other asset for collateral with 98% ltv.
- He fills collateral for his position, adds base pool to the `firstSuperAddress` and calls [SuperPool#reallocate](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/0b472f4bffdb2c7432a5d21f1636139cc01561a5/protocol-v2/src/SuperPool.sol#L431) with the base pool that he has just created and all 10 WETH of the victim. 
- Malicious actor instantly borrows those 10 WETH and pause the base pool

- Now the victim is unable to withdraw his funds and they may accrue neglectable interest because exploiter will use the most cheap rate model
- Expoiter may blackmail the victim to send him % of the locked funds, so he can repay the debt and send him back the funds

### Impact

- Locked funds for victim
- Exploiter may long/short the victim's fund and benefit from that

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Use `create2` while deploying the super pools and use owner's address for the salt.