Radiant Butter Dragonfly

High

# Non-Zero Allowance Change and Approval Vulnerability in approve, reallocate, and deploySuperPool Functions

## Summary
The `approve` function in the `PositionManager` contract fails when attempting to change allowance from a non-zero value to another non-zero value for certain tokens such as USDT, which can lead to failed transactions and a potential denial of service for users who want to update their allowance. A similar issue occurs with the `reallocate` function in the `SuperPool` contract, where token allowance management is not performed correctly for tokens that do not allow direct allowance changes from non-zero values, which can lead to transaction reverts and a potential denial of service when reallocating assets. Additionally, the `deploySuperPool` function in the `SuperPoolFactory` contract can also revert when attempting to approve non-zero token allowances, especially with tokens such as USDT that require allowances to be set to zero before defining new allowances, which can lead to failed deployments and prevent new SuperPools from being created.

## Vulnerability Detail
`approve` function:
Some tokens, such as USDT, revert if the current allowance is not zero when attempting to set a new allowance. OpenZeppelin's `safeApprove` implementation also throws an error if an approval is attempted from a non-zero value to another non-zero value. The current implementation of the `approve` function does not handle this scenario, leading to failed transactions.
`Position(payable(position)).approve(asset, spender, amt);`
Scenario:
1. Initial Condition:
- The position has a 100 USDT allowance for a particular `spender`.
2. Calling the `approve` function:
```solidity
// For example, the data contains the spender address and the new amount (200 USDT)
bytes memory data = abi.encodePacked(spender, asset, uint256(200));
approve(position, data);
```
3. Function Execution:
- The `approve` function is called with the above data.
- The function tries to change the allowance from 100 USDT to 200 USDT immediately.
4. Token Reaction:
- USDT will check the current allowance (100 USDT).
- Since it is not zero, USDT will throw an error and the transaction will fail.
5. OpenZeppelin Error:
- If using `safeApprove`, OpenZeppelin will throw the error "SafeERC20: approve from non-zero to non-zero allowance".

`reallocate` function:
The function attempts to set a new allowance for the `POOL` contract without first resetting the current allowance to zero. This behavior is problematic for tokens like USDT, which revert if the allowance is changed from a non-zero value directly.
`ASSET.approve(address(POOL), deposits[i].assets);`
Scenario:
1. Initial Approval:
- Suppose the USDT token already has a non-zero approval for `POOL`.
- Example: `ASSET.approve(address(POOL), 100);` already done.
2. Re-deposit:
- The `reallocate` function attempts to approve a new amount without setting the previous approval to zero.
- Example: `ASSET.approve(address(POOL), 200);` is called on line 450.
3. Revert:
- Since USDT does not allow changing approval directly from a non-zero value to another value, the transaction will fail (revert).

`deploySuperPool` function:
Some ERC20 tokens, such as USDT, require that the current allowance be set to zero before a new non-zero allowance can be approved. The current implementation does not account for this requirement, leading to potential reversion of the transaction if the existing allowance is non-zero.
`IERC20(asset).approve(address(superPool), initialDepositAmt);`
Scenario:
1. User Submits Transaction:
- The user calls the `deploySuperPool` function with the required parameters, including `initialDepositAmt`.
2. Token Transfer:
- The function calls `IERC20(asset).safeTransferFrom` to transfer `initialDepositAmt` from the user to the contract.
3. Token Approval:
- The function attempts to approve `initialDepositAmt` for `superPool` by calling `IERC20(asset).approve(address(superPool)`, `initialDepositAmt`).
4. Non-Zero Condition:
- If the previous approval for `superPool` is not zero, some tokens such as USDT will fail because they do not allow changing the approval from a non-zero value to a non-zero value.
5. Transaction Revert:
- Due to this failure, the transaction will revert, causing the entire `deploySuperPool` process to fail.

## Impact
- Users will experience failed transactions when attempting to change permissions from a non-zero value to another non-zero value for certain tokens such as USDT.
- This issue may result in a denial of service for users who need to update their permissions.
- Users may not be able to deposit or withdraw assets if the allocation process fails.
- The entire `deploySuperPool` function will be canceled, preventing the creation of new SuperPools - The inability to deploy new SuperPools may disrupt the functionality and growth of the platform.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/PositionManager.sol#L341-L358
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/SuperPool.sol#L431-L454
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/SuperPoolFactory.sol#L56-L80

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
- PositionManager
Modify the approve function to set the allowance to zero before setting the desired allowance.
```diff
function approve(address position, bytes calldata data) internal {
    address spender = address(bytes20(data[0:20]));
    address asset = address(bytes20(data[20:40]));
    uint256 amt = uint256(bytes32(data[40:72]));

    if (!isKnownAsset[asset]) revert PositionManager_ApproveUnknownAsset(asset);
    if (!isKnownSpender[spender]) revert PositionManager_UnknownSpender(spender);

-   if (amt == type(uint256).max) amt = IERC20(asset).balanceOf(position);
    // Set allowance to zero first
+   Position(payable(position)).approve(asset, spender, 0);
    // Then set the desired allowance
    Position(payable(position)).approve(asset, spender, amt);

    emit Approve(position, msg.sender, spender, asset, amt);
}
```
- SuperPool
Before setting a new allowance, reset the current allowance to zero to ensure compatibility with tokens that do not allow direct changes from a non-zero value.
```diff
    function reallocate(ReallocateParams[] calldata withdraws, ReallocateParams[] calldata deposits) external {
        if (!isAllocator[msg.sender] && msg.sender != Ownable.owner()) {
            revert SuperPool_OnlyAllocatorOrOwner(address(this), msg.sender);
        }

        uint256 withdrawsLength = withdraws.length;
        for (uint256 i; i < withdrawsLength; ++i) {
            if (poolCapFor[withdraws[i].poolId] == 0) revert SuperPool_PoolNotInQueue(withdraws[i].poolId);
            POOL.withdraw(withdraws[i].poolId, withdraws[i].assets, address(this), address(this));
        }

        uint256 depositsLength = deposits.length;
        for (uint256 i; i < depositsLength; ++i) {
            uint256 poolCap = poolCapFor[deposits[i].poolId];
            // disallow deposits to pool not associated with this SuperPool
            if (poolCap == 0) revert SuperPool_PoolNotInQueue(deposits[i].poolId);
            // respect pool cap
            uint256 assetsInPool = POOL.getAssetsOf(deposits[i].poolId, address(this));
            if (assetsInPool + deposits[i].assets < poolCap) {
+               ASSET.approve(address(POOL), 0); // Reset allowance to zero
                ASSET.approve(address(POOL), deposits[i].assets); // Set desired allowance
                POOL.deposit(deposits[i].poolId, deposits[i].assets, address(this));
            }
        }
    }
```
- Modify the `deploySuperPool` function to set the allowance to zero before setting the new allowance.
```diff
function deploySuperPool(
    address owner,
    address asset,
    address feeRecipient,
    uint256 fee,
    uint256 superPoolCap,
    uint256 initialDepositAmt,
    string calldata name,
    string calldata symbol
) external returns (address) {
    if (fee != 0 && feeRecipient == address(0)) revert SuperPoolFactory_ZeroFeeRecipient();
    SuperPool superPool = new SuperPool(POOL, asset, feeRecipient, fee, superPoolCap, name, symbol);
    superPool.transferOwnership(owner);
    isDeployerFor[address(superPool)] = true;

    // burn initial deposit
    IERC20(asset).safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), initialDepositAmt); // assume approval

    // Set allowance to zero before setting the new allowance
+   IERC20(asset).approve(address(superPool), 0);
    IERC20(asset).approve(address(superPool), initialDepositAmt);

    uint256 shares = superPool.deposit(initialDepositAmt, address(this));
    if (shares < MIN_BURNED_SHARES) revert SuperPoolFactory_TooFewInitialShares(shares);
    IERC20(superPool).transfer(DEAD_ADDRESS, shares);

    emit SuperPoolDeployed(owner, address(superPool), asset, name, symbol);
    return address(superPool);
}
```