Gorgeous Gingerbread Griffin

Medium

# Potential Reversion of `approve` Function Due to Non-Zero Allowance in `SuperPoolFactory`

## Reference
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/SuperPoolFactory.sol#L73
## Summary
The `deploySuperPool` function calls approve without resetting the allowance to zero first. This can cause reversion if the token being approved (e.g., USDT) does not allow changing a non-zero allowance to another non-zero value. This may result in deployment failures and hinder the protocol’s operational flow.
## Vulnerability Detail
Certain ERC-20 tokens, such as `USDT`, enforce a strict non-zero allowance rule for security reasons. When approve is called directly with a new allowance value without resetting it to zero first, the operation reverts. Also `approve` method is used to set allowance for ERC20 tokens. This will cause revert if the target ERC20 was a non-standard token that has different function signature for `approve()` function. Tokens like USDT will cause revert for this function, so they can't be used in the `SuperPoolFactory`

In the context of the SuperPoolFactory contract, this issue arises during the initial deposit step:

```solidity
IERC20(asset).approve(address(superPool), initialDepositAmt);
```
If there is a non-zero existing allowance, this operation may fail, leading to failed deployments of SuperPools.
## Impact
This issue can block the deployment of SuperPools, preventing the protocol from functioning as intended. Any tokens with the aforementioned behavior will cause a revert, effectively halting the process. This could lead to inefficiencies and operational delays, especially in scenarios where large-scale deployments are needed.
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use SafeERC20's `forceApprove` method instead to resolve these issues.  