Uneven Grape Liger

Medium

# SuperPool is not ERC4626 compliant

### Summary

The `maxWithdraw`, `maxRedeem`, `previewWithdraw`, `previewRedeem` functions are not compliant with ERC4626.

The `maxWithdraw` and `maxRedeem` functions are not compliant because of incorrect implementation of the `SuperPool._maxWithdraw` function.

The [`SuperPool._maxWithdraw`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/SuperPool.sol#L474-L480) function  does not account for its shares in the particular pool while calculating the max amount the SuperPool can withdraw the pools.

```solidity
    function _maxWithdraw(address _owner, uint256 _totalAssets, uint256 _totalShares) internal view returns (uint256) {
        uint256 totalLiquidity; // max assets that can be withdrawn based on superpool and underlying pool liquidity
        uint256 depositQueueLength = depositQueue.length;
        for (uint256 i; i < depositQueueLength; ++i) {
            totalLiquidity += POOL.getLiquidityOf(depositQueue[i]);
        }
        totalLiquidity += ASSET.balanceOf(address(this)); // unallocated assets in the superpool
```

It could be possible for the following scenario:

1. Liquidity of pool0 = 0 USDC, Superpool deposits in pool0 = 100k USDC
2. Liquidity of pool1 = 100k USDC, Superpool deposits in pool1 = 1k USDC

The calculated `totalLiquidity` would be `100k` USDC while the actual withdrawal amount is `1k` USDC.

As a result, the `_maxWithdraw` might return more than the amount that can be withdrawn by the user.

The `previewWithdraw`, `previewRedeem` functions are not compliant because they do not consider the possibility of lack of liquidity in the deposited pools and  just convert the shares to assets and vice-versa. If the `withdraw` or the `redeem` function is called in the same transaction the functions might revert because of lack of liquidity.

Definitions of the [`previewWithdraw`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/SuperPool.sol#L244-L247) and the [`previewRedeem` ](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/SuperPool.sol#L249-L252)functions that directly convert the shares/assets.

Definition of the [`_withdrawFromPools`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/SuperPool.sol#L578-L579) function which reverts on lack of liquidity and is used by the `withdraw` and the `redeem` functions.

### Root Cause

_No response_

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

SuperPool is not strictly compliant with ERC4626

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Update the `_maxWithdraw` function to consider desposited assets in the pool along with the pool liquidity to compute the total withdrawable assets. Update the `previewWithdraw` and `previewRedeem` to compute the available liquidity and revert on lack of liquidity