Main Tiger Opossum

High

# Fee calculation in `SuperPool` will continuously reduce the value of the shares

## Summary

Because of the way fee shares are calculated and minted, the value of a singular share will continue getting reduced over time leading to loss of funds for the users.

## Vulnerability Detail

When a user interacts with the `SuperPool` contract, most functions call `accrue` where fee shares are calculated for the previous deposit. The problem arises from the fact that the user is getting minted the full amount of the shares equivalent to their deposit but then more shares are minted for the fee that is paid to the fee receiver. Because of that, every time `feeShares` are minted the value of a singular share will keep dropping and long term liquidity providers will be paying more fees than they should.

POC:

Alice deposits 100 tokens and receives 100 shares (1 share = 1 token). Then when Bob wants to deposit tokens Alice's fee will be paid. Lets say that fee is 0.1e18 (10%).

```solidity
    /// @dev Internal function to simulate the accrual of fees
    /// @return (feeShares, newTotalAssets) The amount of shares accrued and the new total assets
    function simulateAccrue() internal view returns (uint256, uint256) {
        uint256 newTotalAssets = totalAssets();
        uint256 interestAccrued = (newTotalAssets > lastTotalAssets) ? newTotalAssets - lastTotalAssets : 0;
        if (interestAccrued == 0 || fee == 0) return (0, newTotalAssets);

        uint256 feeAssets = interestAccrued.mulDiv(fee, WAD);
        // newTotalAssets already includes feeAssets
        uint256 feeShares = _convertToShares(feeAssets, newTotalAssets - feeAssets, totalSupply(), Math.Rounding.Down);

        return (feeShares, newTotalAssets);
    }
```

Following the calculation: `interestAccured = 100` since Alice deposited 100 tokens. Then `feeAssets` will be 10. Now `feeShares = (10*101/91) = 11(.09). That means that now the same 100 tokens are now equal to 111 shares. If now Alice were to call `redeem` for her 100 shares she would receive 90 tokens. 

Now continuing with Bob's transaction, he also deposits 100 assets. He will now receive `100/100*111 = 111 shares`. 

Currently:
Total amount of shares = 222
Total amount of assets = 200 

Now when Alice calls `redeem` to withdraw her funds equal to all 100 of her shares:
first `accrue` will be called and the `feeShares` will be calculated again. 
`feeShares =  (10*223/191) = 11(.6)`

Currently:
Total amount of shares = 233
Total amount of assets = 200

Now when `convertToAssets` is called for Alices 100 shares => `shares = 100*201/234 = 85`

Alices has paid more than the 10% intended fee.

## Impact

Loss of funds for the users and continuous deflation of the value of the shares.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/SuperPool.sol#L258-L298
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/SuperPool.sol#L456-L472
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/SuperPool.sol#L651-L663

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Mint less shares to the users in order to keep the price of a share constant. When calling `convertToShares` for deposits use `assets*fee` instead of just `assets`.