Bald Tiger Troll

Medium

# Malicious actor will prevent reallocation of funds by super pool owner.

### Summary

Reallocation of funds uses `approve` instead of `forceApprove` which will cause `reallocate` to revert when called by the super pool owner. The malicious actor will make an approve on behalf of the super pool to a none-zero value and make the `reallocate` function revert when called.

This can be done by the malicious actor because when depositing to pools the funds are approved but are not forced to be supplied to the underlying pool. They can stay in the super pool as un-allocated funds. 

You can see here that there is a `try/catch` to continue the success of the deposit although the`supplyAmt` is already approved.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/SuperPool.sol#L533-L538
```solidity
                ASSET.forceApprove(address(POOL), supplyAmt);

                // skip and move to the next pool in queue if deposit reverts
                try POOL.deposit(poolId, supplyAmt, address(this)) {
                    assets -= supplyAmt;
                } catch { } 
```

Attacker can make `POOL.deposit` revert by many ways. Some examples
1. Supplying  a small amount of deposit that will make the underlying pool revert because of zero share mint (Pool_ZeroSharesDeposit)
2. Supplying little gas to the transaction that will make `POOL.deposit` revert but the deposit succeed (Using 1/64 of the gas left to succeed the transaction)  
3. pool cap is reached

In such cases, `reallocate` will revert when depositing to the pool assets such as USDC because there is already a none-zero approval.
 

### Root Cause

- [`reallocate`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/SuperPool.sol#L450) uses `approve` instead of `forceApprove`

### Internal pre-conditions

1. Owner wants to reallocate
2. The asset needs to revert on approval when an existing approval is none-zero (like USDC)

### External pre-conditions

1. Attacker needs to call make the approve before reallocate is called

### Attack Path

1. SuperPool owner wants to reallocate funds
2. Hacker calls deposit and forces an approval to be none-zero
3. Owner cannot reallocate

### Impact

- SuperPool owner cannot reallocate. Yield loss for users funds are allocated in the wrong pools.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Consider using `forceApprove` in the `reallocate` function