Small Wool Squid

High

# Incorrect Handling of Base Pool Caps in Superpool.sol Could Lead to Suboptimal Fund Distribution.

## Summary
In the `Superpool.sol` contract, the current implementation of the `deposit()` function and its sub-functions may lead to suboptimal fund distribution across the `base pools`. Specifically, the method for checking and handling the base pool cap is flawed, potentially leaving some base pools underfunded even when they have available capacity.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `deposit()` function in `Superpool.sol` handles user deposits and distributes them across various base pools using the `_deposit()` and `_supplyToPools()` functions. This function goes through `depositQueue` and deposits into each pool. During this process, the code calculates how much can be deposited into each base pool by considering the `cap of the pool(poolCapFor)` and the current total assets within it.

However, the current implementation doesn't properly handle the scenario where a base pool has not reached its cap. If the amount to be supplied (supplyAmt) exceeds the available capacity of a base pool (i.e., basepoolCap - total assets in the pool), the deposit is skipped entirely for that pool. This can lead to an inefficient distribution of funds, as the pool still has available capacity that could have been utilized.

 `If supplyAmt > basepoolCap - total assets in the pool` we are not transferring the amount to that pool and going for next but we can transfer the `basepoolCap - total assets in the pool` amount.

## Impact
This vulnerability cannot distribute funds to the basePools according to strategies leading to earn less interest and hence loss of rewards/interest for the lenders. Breaks the logic of depositQueue ordering. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/SuperPool.sol#L524

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add the condition in `_supplyToPools()` function
```diff
if (supplyAmt > basepoolCap - total assets in the basepool) {
    supplyAmt = basepoolCap - total assets in that base pool
}
```
