Curly Topaz Whale

Medium

# Improper bad debt process

## Summary
When one position is in bad debt state, the owner will clear this bad debt via `liquidateBadDebt`. All collateral will be transferred to  the owner of positionManger, and the underlying pool needs to take all loss. This is unfair and incorrect.

## Vulnerability Detail
When one position is unhealthy and in bad debt, normal liquidators will have no incentive to liquidate this position. The positionManger owner will clear this bad debt. The owner will transfer all collateral to the owner and leave all the bad debt to the underlying pool. This is incorrect. The position borrows assets from underlying pool with some collateral. Now the position exists in bad debt, it's more reasonable to transfer collateral tokens to underlying pool and clear the bad debt.
Based on current `liquidateBadDebt` implementation, the underlying depositors may take too much bad debt. 
For example:
1. There is one underlying pool. And Alice is the only depositor in the underlying pool, and Alice deposits 100 dollar value assets in the underlying pool.
2. Bob creates one position and borrow 100 dollar value assets from this underlying pool with 150 dollar value collateral token.
3. Collateral token value drops from 150 dollar to 90 dollar. The bob's position is in bad debt.
4. Consider below two bad debt process method:
- If the position manager's owner clear the bad debt, the owner will gain 90 dollar as the profits. And the underlying pool will take 100 dollar loss. Alice will lose 100 dollar. 
-  If Alice tries to liquidate Bob's position, Alice repay another 100 dollar to the underlying pool and get 90 dollar collateral tokens. Alice's actual loss is 10 dollars.
5. Based on 4-1 & 4-2, although normal liquidators does not have the incentive to liquidate the bad debt position, the underlying pool's depositors have to consider to liquidate Bob's position. Because they will take less loss if they liquidate this position compared with the position manager owner clears the bad debt.
6. Considering that there are more depositors in the underlying pool in one normal scenario, it's not improper to ask one depositor to liquidate the position which is in bad debt.


```solidity
    function liquidateBadDebt(address position) external onlyOwner {
        // Make sure there are some bad debt in this position.
        riskEngine.validateBadDebt(position);

        // transfer any remaining position assets to the PositionManager owner
        address[] memory positionAssets = Position(payable(position)).getPositionAssets();
        uint256 positionAssetsLength = positionAssets.length;
        for (uint256 i; i < positionAssetsLength; ++i) {
            uint256 amt = IERC20(positionAssets[i]).balanceOf(position);
            try Position(payable(position)).transfer(owner(), positionAssets[i], amt) { } catch { }
        }

        // clear all debt associated with the given position
        uint256[] memory debtPools = Position(payable(position)).getDebtPools();
        uint256 debtPoolsLength = debtPools.length;
        for (uint256 i; i < debtPoolsLength; ++i) {
            pool.rebalanceBadDebt(debtPools[i], position);
            // Clear position
            Position(payable(position)).repay(debtPools[i], type(uint256).max);
        }
    }
```

## Impact
The underlying pool needs to take more loss because of the improper bad debt clearing method

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/PositionManager.sol#L446-L464

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
When the owner clears the bad debt, exchange the collateral to the asset in the underlying pool via dex(uniswap) and return back some assets to the underlying pool and then clear this position's bad debt. In this way, the underlying pool will take less loss.