Keen Jetblack Turtle

High

# Inablity to perform partial liquidations allows huge positions to accrue bad debt

## Vulnerability Detail
In the current implementation of sentiment, no partial liquidation is allowed. It is only possible, to liquidate the position if the position becomes healthy after seizing the violator assets.


```solidity
    function liquidate(address position, DebtData[] calldata debtData, AssetData[] calldata assetData) external nonReentrant {
        riskEngine.validateLiquidation(position, debtData, assetData);

        // liquidate
        _transferAssetsToLiquidator(position, assetData);
        _repayPositionDebt(position, debtData);

//@audit-issue position should be healthy after liquidation
        // position should be within risk thresholds after liquidation
@>>        if (!riskEngine.isPositionHealthy(position)) revert PositionManager_HealthCheckFailed(position);
        emit Liquidation(position, msg.sender, ownerOf[position]);
    }
```
The problem is that if a borrower uses the leveraging function of sentiment to borrow up to 20times the value of his collateral, to attain a big debt of tokens surpassing the current market liquidity of the borrow token, no liquidator will be able to liquidate the position, exposing the protocol to the risk of insolvancy and accumulation of bad debt.
There are tokens like CRV (see the [CRV founder incident](https://members.delphidigital.io/feed/michael-egorovs-crv-positions?ref=hackernoon.com)), that doesn't have enough market liquidity. Taking such a large debt could lead to situation where it is not possible to accumulate enough liquidity from the market,(either at all, or this will lead to the price of the token being significantly lowered through those actions) to partially liquidate the positions
Please also notice, that this is also caused by the fact that there is no upper limit on the value of loans being taken on the protocol, this also increases the risk of such a scenario happening.
## Impact
Certain positions wouldn't be possible to be liquidated, which will lead to the accumulation of bad debt. With the creation of bad, this will result in liquidity providers tokens being slashed and the liquidity providers of the pools losing value. 
The risk is also highlited by the fact that sentiment is a leveraging lending protocol that allows to borrow up to 20 times the value of the collateral.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/0b472f4bffdb2c7432a5d21f1636139cc01561a5/protocol-v2/src/PositionManager.sol#L430-L444

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The simplest solution to this without updating the liquidation formula would be to add a max loan value, similar to how MIN_DEBT is implemented in `Pool.sol`