Keen Jetblack Turtle

High

# malicious user can  extract value from liquidity providers, in case of bad debt rebalancing

## Summary
The sentiment protocol, intends to support the use of `superPool` shares inside the protocol (as collateral/debt token) as a known assets from the readMe : 
> Effects of rehypothecation: Base Pools could lend against SuperPool vault tokens
- The protocol also implements bad debt socialisation, in a way to handle bad debt. Those two conditions together opens up the attack vectors, for MEVs to extract value from liquidity Providers on superPools.
## Vulnerability Detail
The sentiment Protocol implement bad debt socialization. In the case that a position have accumulated bad debt, it is possible for the owner to rebalance bad debt by calling the method 

```solidity
    function liquidateBadDebt(address position) external onlyOwner {
----
        for (uint256 i; i < debtPoolsLength; ++i) {
            pool.rebalanceBadDebt(debtPools[i], position);
            Position(payable(position)).repay(debtPools[i], type(uint256).max);
        }
    }
```
`pool.rebalanceDebt()` will effectively slash the position total debt from the `pool.totalDepositAssets` 

```solidity
    function rebalanceBadDebt(uint256 poolId, address position) external {
---
        uint256 borrowShares = borrowSharesOf[poolId][position];
        // [ROUND] round up against lenders
        uint256 borrowAssets = _convertToAssets(borrowShares, totalBorrowAssets, totalBorrowShares, Math.Rounding.Up);
---
        uint256 totalDepositAssets = pool.totalDepositAssets;
        pool.totalDepositAssets = (totalDepositAssets > borrowAssets) ? totalDepositAssets - borrowAssets : 0;
        borrowSharesOf[poolId][position] = 0;
    }
```
`pool.totalDepositAssets` is reduced, meaning that the exchange rate for the pool will be lowered, => for the same shares, users will recieve less assets

now if a superPool.sol has this pool in its queue, it's exchange rate will also be lowered. When calling `totalAssets()` in simulateAccrue to update SuperPool state

```solidity

    function totalAssets() public view returns (uint256) {
        uint256 assets = ASSET.balanceOf(address(this));

        uint256 depositQueueLength = depositQueue.length;
        for (uint256 i; i < depositQueueLength; ++i) {
@>            assets += POOL.getAssetsOf(depositQueue[i], address(this));
        }

        return assets;
    }
```
Knowing the exchange rate for the rebalanced pool, the superPool now have less assets in that pool so totalAssets() will be lowered. And as a result The exchange rate of the superPool shares will also be lowered. (after rebalancing of shares in pool in queue, now the shares of superPool are also worth less).

Knowing those fact, this opens up the protcol for the following attack by MEVs
### PoC
There is a position, that have accumulated bad debt for USDC, owner sends a transaction to call `liquidateBadDebt()` on Position
1. An attacker frontruns  the transaction borrows 5000 shares of a USDC `superpool` from a pool in `Pool.sol`, at this time Exchange Rate is  `2` and those shares are worth `10k` usdc.
2. The attacker converts those shares into usdc by calling `withdraw()` on the superPool and get `10k` usdc.
3. The attacker waits for the underlying Pool to experience a price slash due to the bad debt liquidation process.
4. Once the price has slashed, the attacker deposits usdc back into the superPool. Because the Exchange rate has been lowered,
5. Because the total assets in superpool are lower due to the price slash, the attacker receives more shares than they initially borrowed, allowing them to repay the debt and retain a profit. For simplicity, let's say ER become 1.9, now the 10K usdc are worth around 5260 shares (260 shares ~ 500 usdc profit).


## Impact
By borrowing, the shares of the lP Providers in Pool and withdrawing them, the MEV Bots forces the bad debt socialization to be done on lesser shares, maximising the impact of the rebalance on the users lending their shares tokens, and extracting the value out of them. The highlighted impact is theft of funds.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/25a0c8aeaddec273c5318540059165696591ecfb/protocol-v2/src/Pool.sol#L476-L496
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/25a0c8aeaddec273c5318540059165696591ecfb/protocol-v2/src/SuperPool.sol#L178-L188
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/25a0c8aeaddec273c5318540059165696591ecfb/protocol-v2/src/PositionManager.sol#L438-L457

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The simplest solution for this, is to force an origination fee bigger than 0 (1~2 percent) on nested pools in `Pool.sol` (pools of share tokens of SuperPools or basepools). The other possible mitigation, that might be more difficult to implement is to block share tokens of BasePools or SuperPools from being borrowed in `Pool.sol`