Uneven Grape Liger

High

# Incomplete implementation of bad debt rebalancing functionality

### Summary

While rebalancing bad debt from a position the protocol transfers the position assets to owner and considers the total borrowed assets as the unrecoverable debt incurred by the lenders of the pool. The current implementation of the contracts does not provide a way for the `owner` to swap the recovered assets and deposit them into the pool without minting new shares.

The [`PositionManager.liquidateBadDebt`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/PositionManager.sol#L446-L463) function transfers the position assets to the `owner()` and calls the `Pool.rebalanceBadDebt` function on the debt pool.

The [`Pool.rebalanceBadDebt`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/Pool.sol#L543-L548) function deducts the position's total debt amount from the `pool.totalDepositAssets` value, essentially distributing the loss across all the lenders.

Because the `Pool.rebalanceBadDebt` function does not consider the assets in the position and the `owner` does not have a way to deposit recovered assets in the pool after swapping, the lenders incur more loss than they should.

The issue also impacts `SuperPool.accrue()` operation. The `accrue` operation calculates interest earned by subtracting the `lastTotalAssets` state variable from the current total assets. The `lastTotalAssets` is updated after minting the fee shares.  If the `lastTotalAssets` is more than the current total assets then the accrue operation just updates the `lastTotalAssets`.

If the `owner` re-distributes the recovered assets to the lenders, a SuperPool, separately then it could lead to following scenario:

1. A position became insolvent with `borrowedAssets` value of `50k` USD from pool A and `assetValue` of `48k` USD.
2. A SuperPool has assets equivalent to `1/5` of the pool deposits in the base pool A.
3. Protocol owner rebalances the debt.
4. SuperPool totalAsset value decreases by `10k` USD
5. A user performs an operation on the super pool and the `lastTotalAssets` becomes `10k` USD less than the actual.
6. Assume owner swaps the recovered assets from the position and re-distributes to the lenders. Owner transfers `10k` USD worth of assets to the SuperPool address
7. SuperPool considers these `10k` USD assets has interest and mints fee shares


SuperPool considers the recovered loss as interest and mints fee shares causing further losses to the super pool lenders.

Another impact of the issue is significant decline in the SuperPool vault share price

1. Pool `A` has asset `USDC` has `totalDepositAssets` of `900k` USDC and `totalDepositShares` of `750,000`; `1 share` values `1.2 USDC`.
2. User Bob borrows assets `50k` USDC from pool `A` using WETH as collateral.
3. User Alice has created a SuperPool `S`. The exchange rate for `S` vault share  to USD is `1:1`, `S` vault shares = `100,000` and `S` pool assets are `100k USDC`
4. `S` deposited `100k` USDC into Pool `A`
5. `poolDataFor[A].totalDepositAssets = 1 million`, `totalDepositShares = 833, 333`, shares of `S` = `83,333`.
6. Price of WETH declines and Bob's position becomes insolvent and incurs bad debt: Bob position WETH value `49k` USD is less than borrow amount `50k` USC
7. Protocol owner calls `PositionManager.liquidateBadDebt` on Bob's position.
8. PositionManager transfers `WETH` worth of `49k` USD to the owner.
9. Pool A clears bob's borrow shares and subtracts  `50k` from the `totalDepositAssets`. `poolDataFor[A].totalDepositAssets = 950k`

Super pool assets equal to `83,333 * 950k / 833,333 == 94,999`. Super pool vault share price = `0.94999`, `1 share = 0.9499 USD`.

If the position assets are distributed in the same transaction then the 
- `totalDeposiAssets = 999k`
- Super pool assets = `83,333 * 999k / 833,333 = 99899`
- SuperPool vault share price = `0.99899`.

Because of the issue, super pool vault shares will have significantly lower price than the actual, atleast until the owner redistributes the recovered assets

### Root Cause

The `Pool` contract does not have a function that allows the protocol `owner` to deposit recovered assets from liquidating insolvent positions.

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

- Protocol owner cannot distribute the recovered assets from the insolvent positions to the pool assets
- If the recovered assets are distributed in a separate transaction outside of the protocol then it can cause issue for SuperPool lenders: Super pool considers recovered assets as interest earned and deducts fee
- The SuperPool vault share price will be significantly less than it should be. If these vault shares are allowed as collateral for positions then this would sudden decline would make those positions unhealthy and they might get liquidated.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Update the `liquidateBadDebt` function to swap the position assets to the pool assets based on the weight and redistribute the recovered assets in the same operation.

To reduce complexity, allow the owner to pay in the pool assets equivalent to the value of the position assets.