Mammoth Slate Caterpillar

High

# Free Borrowing When Collateral Is the Same Asset in PositionManager Contract

## Summary
The vulnerability occurs when the borrowed asset and collateral asset in a position are the same. This scenario leads to an inaccurate health check in the `PositionManager` contract, which allows a malicious pool owner to manipulate LTV values and borrow assets without providing actual collateral. As a result, the pool's liquidity is at risk, potentially freezing funds for regular depositors.
## Vulnerability Detail
The core issue lies in the logic that evaluates a position’s health. When a user borrows an asset that is also used as collateral, the borrowed asset is incorrectly treated as part of the user’s collateral. This situation results in an artificially inflated collateral value, causing the position’s health check to pass even though no real collateral has been provided. A malicious pool owner can:

Set the LTV to 1 for the borrow asset.
Add the borrowed asset as collateral to their position.
Borrow all assets from the pool without adding any additional collateral.
This action allows the attacker to drain the pool, leaving regular depositors unable to withdraw their funds.

## Impact
The impact is severe, as the pool's liquidity can be fully drained by a malicious actor, leading to the freezing of assets for regular users. This vulnerability directly affects the protocol’s security and user trust, causing significant financial damage.


## Code Snippet
The logic fails to prevent scenarios where the borrowed asset is also used as collateral, leading to incorrect calculations.
```solidity 
    /// @notice Evaluates whether a given position is healthy based on the debt and asset values
    function isPositionHealthy(address position) public view returns (bool) {

        (uint256 totalDebtValue, uint256[] memory debtPools, uint256[] memory debtValueForPool) =
            _getPositionDebtData(position);
        if (totalDebtValue == 0) return true; // (zero debt, zero assets) AND (zero debt, non-zero assets)

        (uint256 totalAssetValue, address[] memory positionAssets, uint256[] memory positionAssetWeight) =
            _getPositionAssetData(position);
        if (totalAssetValue == 0) return false; // (non-zero debt, zero assets)

        uint256 minReqAssetValue =
            _getMinReqAssetValue(debtPools, debtValueForPool, positionAssets, positionAssetWeight, position);
        return totalAssetValue >= minReqAssetValue; // (non-zero debt, non-zero assets)
    }
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/RiskModule.sol#L67C2-L86C1

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The recommended fix is to explicitly disallow cases where the collateral asset is the same as the borrowed asset. This can be enforced by adding a validation check within the `PositionManager` or `RiskModule` to prevent such positions from being created or considered healthy.