Damaged Malachite Gibbon

High

# There is no mechanism in place to return liquidated assets to the base pool during the liquidation of bad debt.

## Summary

When the `PositionManager.liquidateBadDebt()` function is invoked, all assets of the position are transferred to the owner of the `PositionManager` contract. Simultaneously, the `Pool.rebalanceBadDebt()` function is called to remove the borrowing data for that position. The problem is that the liquidated assets are not returned to the base pool that provided the loan for the position. As a result, shareholders of the base pool experience substantial losses, while the owner of the `PositionManager` contract unjustly retains assets that should rightfully belong to the shareholders. Additionally, the owner cannot return these assets to the base pool because the state variable `totalDepositAssets` for the base pool, which reflects the total assets of the base pool, does not increase with donations.

## Vulnerability Detail

When the `PositionManager.liquidateBadDebt()` function is called, all assets of the position are transferred to the owner of the `PositionManager` contract (see `L454`), and the `Pool.rebalanceBadDebt()` function is invoked (see `L461`). Within the `Pool.rebalanceBadDebt()` function, the borrowing data for the position is deleted, and the `totalDepositAssets` of the base pool is reduced (see `L547` and `L548`). Consequently, shareholders of the base pool suffer losses from all borrowed assets of the position. However, the assets that have already been sent to the owner of the `PositionManager` contract should rightfully belong to the shareholders. The owner of the `PositionManager` contract unfairly retains these assets, and the issue lies in the absence of a mechanism for the owner to return these assets to the base pool. This is because the state variable `totalDepositAssets` for the base pool, which reflects the total assets of the base pool, does not increase with donations.

```solidity
PositionManager.sol

    function liquidateBadDebt(address position) external onlyOwner {
        riskEngine.validateBadDebt(position);

        // transfer any remaining position assets to the PositionManager owner
        address[] memory positionAssets = Position(payable(position)).getPositionAssets();
        uint256 positionAssetsLength = positionAssets.length;
        for (uint256 i; i < positionAssetsLength; ++i) {
            uint256 amt = IERC20(positionAssets[i]).balanceOf(position);
454         try Position(payable(position)).transfer(owner(), positionAssets[i], amt) { } catch { }
        }

        // clear all debt associated with the given position
        uint256[] memory debtPools = Position(payable(position)).getDebtPools();
        uint256 debtPoolsLength = debtPools.length;
        for (uint256 i; i < debtPoolsLength; ++i) {
461         pool.rebalanceBadDebt(debtPools[i], position);
            Position(payable(position)).repay(debtPools[i], type(uint256).max);
        }
    }

----------------------------

Pool.sol

    function rebalanceBadDebt(uint256 poolId, address position) external {
        ...

547     pool.totalDepositAssets = (totalDepositAssets > borrowAssets) ? totalDepositAssets - borrowAssets : 0;
548     borrowSharesOf[poolId][position] = 0;
    }
```

## Impact

All assets remaining in the position are unfairly transferred to the owner of the `PositionManager` contract instead of the shareholders of the base pool that lent to the position, resulting in significant financial losses for the shareholders.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/PositionManager.sol#L446-L464

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/Pool.sol#L528-L549

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

There should be a mechanism to return all liquidated assets from the position to the base pool.