Small Mercurial Goldfish

Medium

# Incorrect maxSeizedAssetValue  calculation

## Summary
In the function _validateSeizedAssetValue there is a check for the `maxSeizedAssetValue` which incorrectly calculates the discount. 

## Vulnerability Detail
There is max amount of asset that can be seizzed by the liquidator. It is calculated in the function `_validateSeizedAssetValue`, it first calculates the value of the [asset seized](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/RiskModule.sol#L152), then check it with the max value the liquidator is [allowed to seize](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/RiskModule.sol#L156). If the amount seized is greater than the max amount then the function will [revert](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/RiskModule.sol#L157). The problem is in how the max value of asset that can be seized is calculated.

        // max asset value that can be seized by the liquidator
        uint256 maxSeizedAssetValue = debtRepaidValue.mulDiv(1e18, (1e18 - discount));

It's calculated as (debtRepaidValue*1e18)/(1e18-discount). This is wrong and has to be calculated as `debtRepaidValue.mulDiv((1e18 - discount), 1e18 );`. 
For example:
assetSeizedValue = 1000
discount = 25
maxSeizedAssetValue should be 1000*(100-25)= 750.
But the with the current calculation in the code it will be (1000*100)/(100-25)= 1333.
So the check `if(assetSeizedValue > maxSeizedAssetValue)` always pass.

## Impact
Incorrect calculation.

## Code Snippet
        // max asset value that can be seized by the liquidator
        uint256 maxSeizedAssetValue = debtRepaidValue.mulDiv(1e18, (1e18 - discount));
        if (assetSeizedValue > maxSeizedAssetValue) {
            revert RiskModule_SeizedTooMuch(assetSeizedValue, maxSeizedAssetValue);
        }

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Change it to - `debtRepaidValue.mulDiv((1e18 - discount), 1e18 );`