Micro Lemonade Panther

High

# Loss of users fund through share inflation attack in `Pool.sol`

## Summary
Loss of users fund through share inflation attack in `Pool.sol`
## Vulnerability Detail
- When total supply of Pool is zero attacker would do the attack.
  - Attacker would deposit asset in Pool and then attacker borrow the assets from that pool.
  - Then attacker waits for 1 block so the borrowed assets accrue some interest.
  - Then attacker repay the assets to pool .
  - So now at this stage total asset > total share,the scenario which attacker wanted.
  - After this attacker withdraws assets such that there are only 2 assets remaining in pool , this makes such that total assets = 2 , total share =1 due to rounding nature.
  - Now attacker takes benefit of rounding down and inflates the share price of pool.
  - Attacker would keep depositing  2(*total assets) - 1 of assets and withdrawing assets in a multiple of 2(i) in a while loop till the target price is reached and such that no zero shares get minted during withdraw.
  - Now 1 Share would be equal to desired target price which is set by attacker.
  Ex - totalShare = 1 ; 
         Totalssets = 1000 Ether ( desired Target Price = 1000 Ether)
## Impact
-There are 2 impacts in the attack.
  - First - Whenever a user deposits less than target price(totalAssets) achieved by attacker, the transaction would always revert .
  - Second - Whenever a user deposits greater than target price(totalAssets) but not in a multiple of target price(totalAssets) , the user would loose some percentage of supplied assets and the lossed amount gets distributed to share holders.
  - This means that for users to not lose value, they have to make sure that amount deposit is a multiple of target price.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/Pool.sol#L309
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/Pool.sol#L339
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
- Mint some shares to zero address after deploying Pool 
- Implement Erc4626 Upgradeable Contract in share mechanism.