Small Mercurial Goldfish

Medium

# Oracle precision can differ.

## Summary
 There are certain coins which return with decimal values other than 8 for conversion of value to usd in chainlink, this leads to incorrect value being returned in the `getValueInEth` function.

## Vulnerability Detail
In the `getValueInEth` function, the value is calculated as [`(amt * 10 ** (18 - decimals)).mulDiv(uint256(assetUsdPrice), uint256(ethUsdPrice));`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/oracle/ChainlinkUsdOracle.sol#L85). `ethUsdPrice` will return in 8 decimal precision, but `assetUsdPrice` can return in 18 decimal precision for some coins in different chains. For example pepeusd in arbitrum is [returned in 18 decimal precision](https://arbiscan.io/address/0x02DEd5a7EDDA750E3Eb240b54437a54d57b74dBE#readContract#F3).

This can lead to return of incorrect price of the asset in eth.
For instance:

assetUsdPrice = 1e18

ethUsdPrice = 1000e8 (for simpler calculation)

amt = 1e10

It will be - (1e10*1e18)/ 1000e8 = 1e17

But if asset oracle decimal precision is 1e8 then - (1e10*1e8)/ 1000e8 = 1e7.

If the asset returns 1e18 precision then the amount will be 10 times more.

## Impact
`getValueInEth` will return incorrect prices.

## Code Snippet

        // [ROUND] price is rounded down. this is used for both debt and asset math, no effect
        if (decimals <= 18) return (amt * 10 ** (18 - decimals)).mulDiv(uint256(assetUsdPrice), uint256(ethUsdPrice));

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/oracle/ChainlinkUsdOracle.sol#L85
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Whitelist assets with only proper precision return in chainlink oracles.