Rhythmic Cherry Starfish

Medium

# `PositionManager::liquidateBadDebt()` will be frontrun by pool depositors to avoid losing their deposited assets, it can also be backrun to mint more shares than they originally held

## Summary

The `PositionManager::liquidateBadDebt()` function socializes the bad debt to the current pool depositors of the pool the loan was taken from. Depositors can gain financial advantage by frontrunning this transaction and withdrawing as much liquidity as possible before  `liquidateBadDebt()` is executed.

## Vulnerability Detail

On Ethereum mainnet and in the future when L2s have decentralized sequencers, depositors are incentivized to obseve the mempool and frontrun the `PositionManager::liquidateBadDebt()` function with a `Pool::withdraw()` call. This is because `liquidateBadDebt()` socializes the bad debt to pool depositors by reducing the number of depositAssets in a base pool without reducing the number of depositShares in a base pool:

```javascript
    function rebalanceBadDebt(uint256 poolId, address position) external {
        ... SKIP!...

        // compute pool and position debt in shares and assets
        uint256 totalBorrowShares = pool.totalBorrowShares;
        uint256 totalBorrowAssets = pool.totalBorrowAssets;
        uint256 borrowShares = borrowSharesOf[poolId][position];
        // [ROUND] round up against lenders
        uint256 borrowAssets = _convertToAssets(borrowShares, totalBorrowAssets, totalBorrowShares, Math.Rounding.Up);

        // rebalance bad debt across lenders
        pool.totalBorrowShares = totalBorrowShares - borrowShares;
        // handle borrowAssets being rounded up to be greater than totalBorrowAssets
        pool.totalBorrowAssets = (totalBorrowAssets > borrowAssets) ? totalBorrowAssets - borrowAssets : 0;
        uint256 totalDepositAssets = pool.totalDepositAssets;
@>      pool.totalDepositAssets = (totalDepositAssets > borrowAssets) ? totalDepositAssets - borrowAssets : 0;
        borrowSharesOf[poolId][position] = 0;
    }
```

Example:
- Lender A and lender B each have 2e18 worth of deposited assets in Pool A, they each hold 2e18 shares
- A single borrow position exists with a borrow value of 1e18
- The position becomes bad debt due to collateral price decline and gets liquidated via `liquidateBadDebt`
- Lender B frontRuns the `liquidateBadDebt` transaction with a `Pool::withdraw()` transaction and removes 2e18 worth of liquidity
- `liquidateBadDebt` is executed and lender A bears the cost of the debt
- There is now 1 pool depositor with 1e18 worth of deposited assets and 2e18 deposit shares.
- (optionally) lender B can backrun the transaction with a `Pool::Deposit()` transaction to mint = 2e18 * 2e18 / 1e18 = 4e18 shares.



## Impact

- Users who execute this attack prevent themselves from paying the cost of bad debt incurred by the pool they posited into. By dooing so, they pass these costs onto other other pool depositors.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/Pool.sol#L528-L549

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

- Change design to swap collateral for the pool asset and repay some of the debt to minimize the impact on pool depositors. If `liquidateBadDebt()` is called quickly after a pool becomes undercollateralized, then losses to pool depositors would be minimal and therefore little incentive to frontrun the call.
- If the design is fixed, then `liquidateBadDebt()` transaction should be sent through [Flashbots RPC](https://docs.flashbots.net/flashbots-protect/overview) or other MEV protection.