Bitter Sandstone Worm

Medium

# Use can grief `SuperPool#reallocate` for USDT because it doesn't use `forceApprove`

### Summary

[SuperPool#reallocate](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/0b472f4bffdb2c7432a5d21f1636139cc01561a5/protocol-v2/src/SuperPool.sol#L431C14-L453) is used by super pool owner/reallocators to move funds from one base pool to another. We can see that we loop trough `deposit` array, approve the underlying token for singleton `Pool` contract and call `Pool#deposit`:
```solidity
...
        for (uint256 i; i < depositsLength; ++i) {
            uint256 poolCap = poolCapFor[deposits[i].poolId];
            // disallow deposits to pool not associated with this SuperPool
            if (poolCap == 0) revert SuperPool_PoolNotInQueue(deposits[i].poolId);
            // respect pool cap
            uint256 assetsInPool = POOL.getAssetsOf(deposits[i].poolId, address(this));
            if (assetsInPool + deposits[i].assets < poolCap) {
                ASSET.approve(address(POOL), deposits[i].assets);
                POOL.deposit(deposits[i].poolId, deposits[i].assets, address(this));
            }
        }
     ...
```
In the [README](https://audits.sherlock.xyz/contests/349) it is confirmed that USDT is a supported token. USDT enforces target address to have allowance of 0 when we call `USDT.approve`, otherwise it will revert. So if the `SuperPool` is managing USDT tokens, we should be sure that `Pool` has 0 allowance when we hit the following line on reallocation:
`ASSET.approve(address(POOL), deposits[i].assets);`
If that's false, we won't be able to move funds from pool to pool, which results in loss of yield.
That can easily be achieved, because when [_deposit -> _supplyToPools](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/0b472f4bffdb2c7432a5d21f1636139cc01561a5/protocol-v2/src/SuperPool.sol#L524-L543) is called, if `try POOL.deposit(poolId, supplyAmt, address(this))` internally reverts, the allowance from the previous line is still present for the pool. 
__NOTE__: There are different scenario, where `pool#deposit` can revert -> reaching pool cap, pool being paused, etc.


### Root Cause

Not using `forceApprove` inside `SuperPool#reallocate`

### Internal pre-conditions

Having USDT SuperPool, or other token, which approve behavior revert, if allowance is positive.

### External pre-conditions

None

### Attack Path

Imagine the following scenario:
1. Bob has deployed USDT SuperPool and has added 5 base pools.
2. Some time passes and utilization of base pools is not optimal and Bob allocators want to move the funds, so depositors gain larger yield
3. Exploiter takes a flash loan of USDT tokens and calls `SuperPool#deposit` because of the flash loan is large, he will most probably revert on each `try POOL.deposit(poolId, supplyAmt, address(this))` hitting the base pools caps, which will result in leaving positive allowance from `SuperPool` to `Pool` for `USDT`
4. Expoiter withdraw those funds from `SuperPool` in the same transaction and return the flash loan
5. Allocator reallocation transaction reverts, because `USDT.approve` line reverts.
6. Exploiter can continue doing this

### Impact

- Grief 
- Loss of yield

### PoC


### Mitigation

Use `forceApprove` inside `SuperPool#reallocate`.