Abundant Maroon Pangolin

Medium

# Admin can block borrowers to increase their health factor, but they can still be liquidated

### Summary

`PositionManager` owner can pause the contract blocking basically all user's interactions with their position. Users can't `repay` or `deposit` to increase position's health factor but at the same time they can get liquidated since `liquidate` does not have same restriction. 

### Root Cause

All user's interactions with their position is done via `PositionManager`'s ` `process()` or `processBatch()` :
- Both functions call `_process()` which basically execute user desired operation like `repay`, `deposit`, operations that decrease the risk of liquidation on their position. 
- Both functions have `whenNotPaused` modifier. ([1](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/0b472f4bffdb2c7432a5d21f1636139cc01561a5/protocol-v2/src/PositionManager.sol#L238), [2](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/0b472f4bffdb2c7432a5d21f1636139cc01561a5/protocol-v2/src/PositionManager.sol#L229)).
While contract is paused borrowers can't improve the health factor of their positions but they can get liquidated. `liquidate` [does not have](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/0b472f4bffdb2c7432a5d21f1636139cc01561a5/protocol-v2/src/PositionManager.sol#L434) `whenNotPaused` modifier (which is good). 

### Internal pre-conditions

1. Borrowers have healthy open positions;
2. Owner of PositionManager pause the contract. 

### External pre-conditions

-

### Attack Path

1. Borrower have open position with a good health factor ( >1)
2. Owner calls `PositionManager.togglePause()` to pause the contract. 
3. Due to market conditions and / or accumulated interest the position get closer to liquidation threshold. 
4. Borrower try to `repay`  his debt and / or `deposit` more assets but because the contract is paused he can't. 
5. Prices moves against him and borrower became liquidatable.
6. His position gets liquidated. 

One could argue that because `RiskModule.getAssetValue` (used to check healthFactor) is reading  the position balance using `balanceOf` and not from a storage variable, borrower can transfer more assets to his position to increase his position's health factor. 
While this is true there are some impediments:
- if borrower doesn't have `assets` to deposit he must swap borrowed token to any asset (collateral) token in a time sensitive manner. 
- if borrower has `assets` to deposit he must find his position's contract address. When a new position is opened an `ownerOf[positon]` is saved but not the other way around (eg. positonOf[borrower]). This makes it hard for an average User to find his position's address. 
- having more than one position complicates even further the adventure of finding the desired position. 

Given the above reasons I believe the severity of this issue is Medium. 

### Impact

Borrowers can be liquidated losing ~ `LIQUIDATION_DISCOUNT` percent from their borrowed amount. 

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Allow borrowers to `repay` debt or `deposit` assets even when PositionManager contract is paused. 
The easier way is to apply `whenNotPaused` modifier to all internal function called by `_process()` except `repay` and `deposit` AND remove it from `process` and `processBatch`. 

Additionally consider not applying `whenNotPaused` modifier to `addToken` too to allow borrowers to deposit new assets not already in their list. 