Bitter Sandstone Worm

Medium

# Liquidators won't have incentive to repay positions under some conditions

### Summary

In contest [README](https://audits.sherlock.xyz/contests/349) there are realistic values provided by sponsor, which the protocol will use to configure the system. We can see that `Liquidation Discount = 10%` and that [LIQUIDATION_DISCOUNT](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/0b472f4bffdb2c7432a5d21f1636139cc01561a5/protocol-v2/src/RiskModule.sol#L33) is immutable var, which means that it will be forever set to `10%`. Position manager also has `Liquidation Fee` state var, which is the % from seized collateral send to the protocol team, when a liquidation happens. We can see in the README the following line:
`Liquidation Fee = 0 (Might be increased to 20-30% in the future)`
So we assume 20-30% are valid values for this var and are in the scope of this audit. When such config is present, liquidators won't have incentive to liquidate other users, because they will receive less than the debt repayment that they are sending. 
Another problem may arise in a situation, where protocol sets a liquidation fee, when a liquidator submits a transaction to repay someone's debt. The liquidator may be surprised when he receives tokens valued less than the ones paid for the debt. 

### Root Cause

The problem is that `LIQUIDATION_DISCOUNT` is immutable and set to `10%`

### Internal pre-conditions

Liquidation Fee being >= 10%, which meets protocol expectations regarding the README (first source of truth)

### External pre-conditions

None.

### Attack Path

Imagine protocol sets `liquidationFee` to 10%
- There is pool A, which lends WETH against USDC with 90% ltv.
- Bob deposit $1000 USDC and borrow $900 WETH 
- WETH prices increases and now his debt is valued $950
- Noone will because his debt, because liquidator has to provide $950 WETH to receive only $900 USDC (10% of 1000 is send to protocol team) and also pay for gas fees


### Impact

No liquidation incentive => higher risk of bad debt => risk of depositors funds

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

- Consider making a setter for the `LIQUIDATION_DISCOUNT` and making it state var.
- Implement `minValueReceived`, which should be provided by the liquidator, when he repay a debt to check it against the value after deducted fees.
