Lucky Cornflower Porcupine

Medium

# `liquidationFee` changes could affect liquidators

### Summary

The `liquidationFee` will be initially set to 0 but might be changed to 20-30% in the future. The way the fee is applied could result in unprofitable liquidations.

### Root Cause

In the function [`_transferAssetsToLiquidator()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/0b472f4bffdb2c7432a5d21f1636139cc01561a5/src/PositionManager.sol#L466-L466) the `liquidationFee` is applied directly on the asset amount to be liquidated.

This is an issue as currently the `liquidationDiscount` is 10%, if the `liquidationFee` was increased to 20% then the liquidators would end up receiving less value than they reimbursed and so be unprofitable.

Additionally if that change happened while a liquidation transaction was in the mempool the liquidator would receive less tokens than expected as he has no way to enforce the minimum to receive after fees.

### Internal pre-conditions

- Change of the `liquidationFee` to 20% or 30% as can be seen on the contest doc.
- Liquidation transaction in the mempool during the change that was sent before the change.

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

- The fee that will be set in the future will make liquidation unprofitable.
- The fee update may frontrun a liquidation transaction and lead to a few unexpected unprofitable liquidations at the expense of the liquidators.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Consider not allowing the `liquidationFee` to be bigger than the `liquidationDiscount`or applying the fee on the `liquidationDiscount`.