Gorgeous Gingerbread Griffin

Medium

# Chainlink Oracle will Return the Wrong Price if the Aggregator Hits `minAnswer`


## Reference
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/oracle/ChainlinkEthOracle.sol#L99
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/oracle/ChainlinkUsdOracle.sol#L114C4-L120C6
## Summary
Chainlink aggregators have a built-in circuit breaker to prevent the price of an asset from deviating outside a predefined price range. This circuit breaker may cause the oracle to persistently return the minPrice instead of the actual asset price in the event of a significant price drop, as witnessed during the LUNA crash.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `_getPriceWithSanityChecks` function in both the `ChainlinkEthOracle` and `ChainlinkUsdOracle` contracts is vulnerable to price inaccuracies due to Chainlink's built-in `minPrice` and `maxPrice` circuit breakers. When an asset’s price crashes drastically (e.g., LUNA), the Chainlink aggregator may continue returning a predefined minimum value rather than the real, lower price. This can lead to inaccurate price feeds, allowing users to exploit incorrect valuations and potentially drain protocol funds through under-collateralized loans or other forms of mispricing.

`ChainlinkEthOracle:_getPriceWithSanityChecks`
```solidity
function _getPriceWithSanityChecks(address asset) private view returns (uint256) {
        address feed = priceFeedFor[asset];
        (, int256 price,, uint256 updatedAt,) = IAggegregatorV3(feed).latestRoundData();
        if (price <= 0) revert ChainlinkEthOracle_NonPositivePrice(asset);
        if (updatedAt < block.timestamp - stalePriceThresholdFor[feed]) revert ChainlinkEthOracle_StalePrice(asset);
        return uint256(price);
    }
```
`ChainlinkEthOracle:_getPriceWithSanityChecks`
```solidity
 function _getPriceWithSanityChecks(address asset) private view returns (uint256) {
        address feed = priceFeedFor[asset];
        (, int256 price,, uint256 updatedAt,) = IAggegregatorV3(feed).latestRoundData();
        if (price <= 0) revert ChainlinkUsdOracle_NonPositivePrice(asset);
        if (updatedAt < block.timestamp - stalePriceThresholdFor[feed]) revert ChainlinkUsdOracle_StalePrice(asset);
        return uint256(price);
    }
```

For example, if the actual price of an asset falls below the minimum price threshold, the oracle will still report the higher threshold value. This false price can lead to scenarios where the protocol lends out significant amounts of capital based on overvalued assets. Lets check an example scenario here:
- Present price of TokenA is $10
- TokenA has a minimum price set at $1 on chainlink
- The actual price of TokenA dips to $0.10
- The aggregator continues to report $1 as the price.

Consequently, users can interact with protocol using TokenA as though it were still valued at $1, which is a tenfold overestimate of its real market value.


## Impact
In the event of an asset crash (like LUNA), the protocol can be manipulated to handle calls at an inflated price. Wrong prices will cause a huge financial loss for the protocol. 

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
These contracts should cross-check the returned answer against the `minPrice/maxPrice` and revert if the answer is outside of these bounds:
```solidity 
    (, int256 price, , uint256 updatedAt, ) = registry.latestRoundData(
        token,
        USD
    );
    
    if (price >= maxPrice or price <= minPrice) revert();
```
This ensures that a false price will not be returned if the underlying asset's value hits the minPrice.