Abundant Maroon Pangolin

High

# Admin liquidated bad Debt will cause a total loss to lenders

### Summary

When bad debt is liquidated the `owner()` gets the liquidated position's assets and the lenders takes the entire position's debt as a loss.

### Root Cause

By calling `PositionManager.liquidateBadDebt` the owner seize the entire position's assets but does not pay back to pools a value equal to remaining seized value.

### Internal pre-conditions

1. A position must accumulate bad debt : `totalAssetValue < totalDebtValue`
2. `PositionManager` owner must call `liquidateBadDebt()`. 

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

- In `PositionManager.sol:liquidateBadDebt(): L454` the position's assets are transferred to `owner()`: [seize assets](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/0b472f4bffdb2c7432a5d21f1636139cc01561a5/protocol-v2/src/PositionManager.sol#L449-L455)
```solidity
function liquidateBadDebt(address position) external onlyOwner {
...
        // transfer any remaining position assets to the PositionManager owner
        address[] memory positionAssets = Position(payable(position)).getPositionAssets();
        uint256 positionAssetsLength = positionAssets.length;
        for (uint256 i; i < positionAssetsLength; ++i) {
            uint256 amt = IERC20(positionAssets[i]).balanceOf(position);
            try Position(payable(position)).transfer(owner(), positionAssets[i], amt) { } catch { }
        }
```
- Then in `pool.rebalanceBadDebt:L461` the debt amount is split between all lenders proportional to the amount of liquidity each provided: [socialize de debt](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/0b472f4bffdb2c7432a5d21f1636139cc01561a5/protocol-v2/src/PositionManager.sol#L457-L463)
```solidity
    function liquidateBadDebt(address position) external onlyOwner {
//...
        // clear all debt associated with the given position
        uint256[] memory debtPools = Position(payable(position)).getDebtPools();
        uint256 debtPoolsLength = debtPools.length;
        for (uint256 i; i < debtPoolsLength; ++i) {
            pool.rebalanceBadDebt(debtPools[i], position);
            Position(payable(position)).repay(debtPools[i], type(uint256).max);
        }
    }
```
- A value in pool's asset equal to `positionAssets` value is not deposited to pools. Even if position's assets are swapped and transferred to each pool in a separate tx, the fairness  of shares mechanism will be broken if new deposits/ withdraws are in between. 

### Impact

The lenders loses the entire value borrowed by a position that accumulated bad debt.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

In `liquidateBadDebt`  only the `totalDebtValue - totalAssetValue` (of the liquidated position) should be socialized between all lenders. 
- swap the seized assets to pools asset. (or keep the seized assets and transferFrom owner's balance);
- calculate how much value the position borrowed from each pool
- pay back to each pool an equivalent amount scaled by 'positionAssets/positionDebt`;
- 'socialize' only the remaining debt not paid back. 

In this way the lenders are made partially whole; Owner does not accumulate assets which do not belong to him. 
