Sparkly Taffy Fly

Medium

# Lack of `whenNotPaused` Modifier Allows Critical Operations During Paused State

### Summary

The lack of the `whenNotPaused` modifier will cause a significant vulnerability for the `SuperPool` contract as users will be able to perform critical operations such as deposits, withdrawals, reallocations, and accruals even when [the contract is paused.](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/SuperPool.sol#L164-L167)

### Root Cause

In `protocol-v2/src/SuperPool.sol`, the `deposit`, `mint`, `withdraw`, `redeem`, `reallocate`, and `accrue` functions lack the `whenNotPaused` modifier.


### Internal pre-conditions

1. Admin needs to call `togglePause()` to set the contract to a paused state.

### External pre-conditions

None.

### Attack Path

1. Admin calls `togglePause()` to pause the contract.
2. User calls `deposit()` to deposit assets into the SuperPool.
3. User calls `withdraw()` to withdraw assets from the SuperPool.
4. User calls `reallocate()` to reallocate assets between underlying pools.
5. User calls `accrue()` to accrue interest and fees for the SuperPool.

### Impact

The protocol suffers from inconsistent states and potential exploitation during maintenance or emergency situations. The attacker can perform unauthorized operations, leading to potential loss of funds or compromised contract integrity.


### PoC

1. Admin calls `togglePause()` to pause the contract:
   ```solidity
   function togglePause() external onlyOwner {
       if (Pausable.paused()) Pausable._unpause();
       else Pausable._pause();
   }
   ```

2. For Example, Despite the contract being paused, a user can still call the `deposit` function:
   ```solidity
   function deposit(uint256 assets, address receiver) public nonReentrant returns (uint256 shares) {
       accrue();
       shares = _convertToShares(assets, lastTotalAssets, totalSupply(), Math.Rounding.Down);
       if (shares == 0) revert SuperPool_ZeroShareDeposit(address(this), assets);
       _deposit(receiver, assets, shares);
   }
   ```

### Mitigation

Add the `whenNotPaused` modifier to all critical functions to ensure they cannot be executed when the contract is paused. 