Lucky Cornflower Porcupine

High

# Unsafe stale price threshold in `RedstoneCoreOracle`

### Summary

The `RedstoneCoreOracle` uses unsafe threshold to determine if the oracle is stale or not which can cause inaccurate pricing of assets.

### Root Cause

In the [RedstoneOracle.sol:19](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/0b472f4bffdb2c7432a5d21f1636139cc01561a5/src/oracle/RedstoneOracle.sol#L19-L19) the variable `STALE_PRICE_THRESHOLD` is set to `3600 seconds`.

In the function [`getValueInEth()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/0b472f4bffdb2c7432a5d21f1636139cc01561a5/src/oracle/RedstoneOracle.sol#L63-L63) the variable is used to determine if the price was updated recently enough.

Redstone being a push based oracle, this means users need to update the price when using a pool that uses this oracle. A malicious user could use the pool without updating the price 59 minutes after the last update and end up having a price that doesn't reflect real market conditions. 
During time of high volatility 1 hour between updates is unsafe. If an asset did -20% and a malicious user didn't update the price he could be able to borrow more than allowed and potentially create bad debt for the pool.

### Internal pre-conditions

1. No recent price update called on the Redstone oracle by other users/bots.

### External pre-conditions

1. High price volatility, which is quite common with crypto markets.

### Attack Path

1. An asset's redstone oracle was last updated 50 minutes ago, price did -20%. A pool exist where you can borrow using this asset as collateral with 85% LTV.
2. Malicious user borrows on the pool without updating the oracle and borrow 85$ for 80$ of collateral, the pool thinks the collateral is still worth 100$.
3. Bad debt was created and bots cannot liquidate the position at profits. Attacker earned 5$.

### Impact

- An attacker can create bad debt by using older price that are inaccurate.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Consider updating the constant to much safer amount, for example [Euler has a max staleness of 5 minutes](https://github.com/euler-xyz/euler-price-oracle/blob/dda7da3c641e3bf98dd9c97c19a1c8b8a6c32e21/src/adapter/redstone/RedstoneCoreOracle.sol#L24).