Genuine Lemonade Gerbil

Medium

# Attacker can drain the whole pool when spender compromised.

## Summary
When spender compromised(see conclusion of [this blog](https://medium.com/amber-group/exploiting-primitive-finances-approval-flaws-b86db031b4)), attacker can approve infinite to the spender and take out all tokens of the Pool.

## Vulnerability Detail
`PositionManager.process()` function is following.
```solidity
    function process(address position, Action calldata action) external nonReentrant whenNotPaused {
        _process(position, action);
        if (!riskEngine.isPositionHealthy(position)) revert PositionManager_HealthCheckFailed(position);
    }
```
As can be seen, this function check if position healthy at the end but doesn't check the approvals to spenders.
Exploiting this vulnerability, when a known spender compromised, the following attack path is possible.
1. Attacker create a position and borrow large amount of tokens from the pool to the position.
2. Attacker approve infinite to the compromised spender calling `PositionManager.approve()` function.
This action passes the healthy check of the `PositionManager.process()` because no tokens are taken out at this step.
3. Attacker take out all tokens from the position using the compromised spender.

The same problem exists in `PositionManager.processBatch()` function.

## Impact
Attacker can drain the whole pool when spender compromised.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/PositionManager.sol#L229-L246

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
If `action` is approval to spender, call `forceApprove(spender, 0)` at the end of `processBatch()`.
In case of `process()`, approval should be prohibited.
