Radiant Butter Dragonfly

Medium

# Handling Inconsistent Timeout Timestamps and Price Validation

## Summary
The `ChainlinkEthOracle` and `ChainlinkUsdOracle` contracts mishandle deadline timestamps by excluding signatures that fall on the exact deadline, contrary to the leniency set in EIP-2612, which allows signatures on the exact deadline. Similarly, the `RedstoneOracle` contract mishandles deadlines for price validity, potentially rejecting valid prices that fall on the exact expiration timestamp. This behavior is inconsistent with the deadline semantics set in EIP-2612, which allows signatures on the exact deadline, leading to unexpected rejections and usability issues.

## Vulnerability Detail
ChainlinkEthOracle and ChainlinkUsdOracle
- The contract checks if the `updatedAt` timestamp is strictly less than the current timestamp minus the `stalePriceThreshold`.
- This excludes the exact deadline timestamp, which should be considered valid according to EIP-2612 semantics.
`if (updatedAt < block.timestamp - stalePriceThresholdFor[feed]) revert ChainlinkEthOracle_StalePrice(asset);`

RedstoneOracle
- The current implementation rejects prices that are exactly at the expiration timestamp `(block.timestamp - STALE_PRICE_THRESHOLD)`. According to EIP-2612, signatures used at the exact deadline should be allowed.
`if (priceTimestamp < block.timestamp - STALE_PRICE_THRESHOLD) revert RedstoneCoreOracle_StalePrice(ASSET);`

## Impact
- Transactions may fail unexpectedly if the `updatedAt` timestamp is exactly equal to the current timestamp minus the `stalePriceThreshold`.
- Users may experience difficulty in interacting with the contract due to the strict deadline handling.
- Prices that are exactly at the expiration timestamp will be incorrectly rejected, potentially causing valid transactions to fail.
- This inconsistency can lead to unexpected behavior and reduced reliability of the contract.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/oracle/ChainlinkEthOracle.sol#L99-L105
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/oracle/ChainlinkUsdOracle.sol#L114-L120
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/oracle/RedstoneOracle.sol#L63-L72

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
ChainlinkEthOracle and ChainlinkUsdOracle
```diff
function _getPriceWithSanityChecks(address asset) private view returns (uint256) {
    address feed = priceFeedFor[asset];
    (, int256 price,, uint256 updatedAt,) = IAggegregatorV3(feed).latestRoundData();
    if (price <= 0) revert ChainlinkEthOracle_NonPositivePrice(asset);
-   if (updatedAt < block.timestamp - stalePriceThresholdFor[feed]) revert ChainlinkEthOracle_StalePrice(asset);
+   if (updatedAt <= block.timestamp - stalePriceThresholdFor[feed]) revert ChainlinkEthOracle_StalePrice(asset);
    return uint256(price);
}
```

RedstoneOracle
```diff
function getValueInEth(address, uint256 amt) external view returns (uint256) {
-   if (priceTimestamp < block.timestamp - STALE_PRICE_THRESHOLD) revert RedstoneCoreOracle_StalePrice(ASSET);
+   if (priceTimestamp <= block.timestamp - STALE_PRICE_THRESHOLD) revert RedstoneCoreOracle_StalePrice(ASSET);

    // scale amt to 18 decimals
    if (ASSET_DECIMALS <= 18) amt = amt * 10 ** (18 - ASSET_DECIMALS);
    else amt = amt / 10 ** (ASSET_DECIMALS - 18);

    // [ROUND] price is rounded down
    return amt.mulDiv(assetUsdPrice, ethUsdPrice);
}
```