Sharp Sapphire Ferret

High

# Pool owner can DOS a pool and it's lenders

## Summary
A pool owner can DOS the entire pool by borrowing the same asset used as collateral.

## Vulnerability Detail
A pool owner can propose and later set their pool's LTV ratio to 100%, allowing them to borrow 100% of the pool's assets without depositing any collateral, as the system will treats the borrowed asset as collateral. 

Although there is a 1-day delay (`TIMELOCK_DURATION`) before such operations are executed, this delay is insufficient to prevent this vulnerability. This is because, if there are existing borrowers in the pool in order for the LP providers to exit the would need to wait for all of the borrowers to repay.

Example:
1. Borrow 100% of the pool.
2. Schedule a TVL change to 1e18.
3. Add the borrowed asset as collateral to their position using `addToken`.
4. Borrow all assets from the pool and withdraw the initial collateral.

Step 1 ensures that 100% of the lenders are affected, but even without it, still most lenders wouldn’t be able to withdraw their collateral in time. For example, if borrowers have borrowed 70% of the pool, only 30% of the lenders could exit, leaving the rest waiting for repayments.

## Impact
Untrusted pool owners could lock up the entire pool and prevent lenders from accessing their funds.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/PositionManager.sol#L384-L402

```solidity
    function borrow(address position, bytes calldata data) internal {
        uint256 poolId = uint256(bytes32(data[0:32]));
        uint256 amt = uint256(bytes32(data[32:64]));

        if (pool.ownerOf(poolId) == address(0)) revert PositionManager_UnknownPool(poolId);
        pool.borrow(poolId, position, amt);

        Position(payable(position)).borrow(poolId, amt);
        emit Borrow(position, msg.sender, poolId, amt);
    }
```

## Tool Used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement a check in the borrowing function to prevent borrowing an asset that is registered as collateral.