Fresh Denim Eagle

High

# `abi.encodePacked` Allows Hash Collision in `PositionManager::newPosition`

## Summary
 `PositionManager::newPosition` is susceptible to hash collisions as it calculates salt using `keccak256(abi.encodePacked(owner, salt))` which is then used to create new position. All the owner privileges are also delegated to the address provided.
## Vulnerability Detail
According to offical solidity language documentation 
<https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/abi-spec.html#non-standard-packed-mode> 
`If you use keccak256(abi.encodePacked(a, b)) and both a and b are dynamic types, it is easy to craft collisions in the hash value by moving parts of a into b and vice-versa. More specifically, abi.encodePacked("a", "bc") == abi.encodePacked("ab", "c"). If you use abi.encodePacked for signatures, authentication or data integrity, make sure to always use the same types and check that at most one of them is dynamic. Unless there is a compelling reason, abi.encode should be preferred.` 

So if you use keccak256(abi.encodePacked(a, b)) and both a and b are dynamic types, it is easy to craft collisions in the hash value by moving parts of a into b and vice-versa. More specifically, abi.encodePacked("a", "bc") == abi.encodePacked("ab", "c").

This issue is present in `PositionManager::newPosition`, where this takes `bytes data` as input containing salt and owner adress to create `salt` using `keccak256(abi.encodePacked(owner, salt))` which is then used to create the instance of position, so essentially an attacker can takeover the already deployed position, becoming its owner and compromising that position.

The check at the end of function that compares predicted address to the address derived using the salt is also compromised as `predictedAddress is also supplied by the caller`
## Impact
The position can be taken over by malicious user and gains authorisation to perform arbitrary operations like `transfer`, `deposit`, `approve`, `repay`, `borrow`, `addToken`, `removeToken`
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/PositionManager.sol#L276
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/PositionManager.sol#L268-L286
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
1. Use abi.encode() Instead: Unlike abi.encodePacked(), abi.encode() includes additional type information and length prefixes in the encoding, making it much less prone to hash collisions. 
2. Consider rewriting the function to take the hashed value as a function argument directly so that the hashing process happens off-chain