Tricky Felt Lizard

Medium

# Anyone can control the deposits in a BasePool by DoSing them, exploiting the ```poolCap```.

## Summary
Malicious can execute DoS attack by front-running and blocking other deposits in a pool, monopolizing in this way the pool's capacity so to maximize his returns or preventing other users from earning interest.

## Vulnerability Detail
An LP can inflate the interest rate which he takes as return by blocking the other deposits in a Pool. He can DoS, other deposits by front-running them and deposit an amount so the total amount to be equal to the ```poolCap```. As a result, the legitimate deposit of another user will revert and the malicious will back-run it withdrawing the extra amount, at no cost. In this way, he will assure that he is maximazing his return on his deposited assets since there will be no a lot of other deposit shares to share the accrued interest with. We can see the check that he will be exploit here :

```solidity
    function deposit(uint256 poolId, uint256 assets, address receiver) public returns (uint256 shares) {
        // ...

@>        if (pool.totalDepositAssets + assets > pool.poolCap) revert Pool_PoolCapExceeded(poolId);

        // ....
    }
```
[Link to code] (https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/0b472f4bffdb2c7432a5d21f1636139cc01561a5/protocol-v2/src/Pool.sol#L309C5-L331C6)

Let's see this scenario to understand the vulnerability better :
1. LP deposits 1000 USDC in a Pool.
2. Borrower borrows 100 USDC from the Pool on 10% annual rate.
If, at this point, another LP come and deposit 1000 USDC, then the initial LP will not get 10 USDC back as return, instead he will get 5 USDC. He is incentivize to do that by blocking the other deposits and keep the (most of) the interest for himself.

We can imagine that this can happen in scale from incentivized LPs to do that so to maximize their return on their deposited assets. They can block the other deposits at their will, with no cost, for as long as they want if their deposit is "working". Of course, a malicious attacker can do that too without the monetary incentive while it shouldn't be possible for anyone to have such a control, at no cost.

## Impact
The impact of this vulnerability is significant as it enables a single LP to dominate the interest accrued in a pool by preventing other users from depositing funds. This can lead to an unfair advantage where the attacker receives a disproportionate share of the interest, reducing the returns for other participants. In addition, this behavior can lead to denial-of-service (DoS) attacks on the pool, where legitimate users are unable to contribute their assets, potentially leading to reduced liquidity and overall trust in the protocol.

## Code Snippet
```solidity
function deposit(uint256 poolId, uint256 assets, address receiver) public returns (uint256 shares) {
        PoolData storage pool = poolDataFor[poolId];

        if (pool.isPaused) revert Pool_PoolPaused(poolId);

        // update state to accrue interest since the last time accrue() was called
        accrue(pool, poolId);

        // Need to transfer before or ERC777s could reenter, or bypass the pool cap
        IERC20(pool.asset).safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), assets);

@>        if (pool.totalDepositAssets + assets > pool.poolCap) revert Pool_PoolCapExceeded(poolId);

        shares = _convertToShares(assets, pool.totalDepositAssets, pool.totalDepositShares, Math.Rounding.Down);
        if (shares == 0) revert Pool_ZeroSharesDeposit(poolId, assets);

        pool.totalDepositAssets += assets;
        pool.totalDepositShares += shares;

        _mint(receiver, poolId, shares);

        emit Deposit(msg.sender, receiver, assets, shares);
    }
```

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider Implementing a timelock on deposit/withdrawals as lots of similar protocols with vaults have done.