Keen Jetblack Turtle

High

# Leverage Mechanism Rendered Ineffective by Design Flaw


## Summary
The Sentiment Protocol, designed as a leveraged lending platform, but it contains a flaw in its implementation that prevents users from using borrowed assets as collateral for further borrowing to create a leverage position. This limitation contradicts the protocol's core functionality and design principles, significantly impacting its ability to provide leveraged positions and capital-efficient collateral management.
## Vulnerability Detail

The Sentiment Protocol, designed as a leveraged lending platform, As stated in the documentation:

> "The Sentiment Protocol is a leveraged lending protocol, specialized for complex portfolio positions on-chain. Sentiment provides additional flexibility and extensibility of the core protocol without compromising security. Lenders benefit from adaptive risk management and borrowers benefit from capital efficient collateral management."

However, the current implementation prevents users from using borrowed assets as collateral for further borrowing, severely limiting the protocol's intended leverage capabilities.

This limitation is enforced by two main checks in the smart contracts:

1. In the `RiskEngine` contract:
```js
  function requestLtvUpdate(uint256 poolId, address asset, uint256 ltv) external {
    if (msg.sender != pool.ownerOf(poolId)) revert RiskEngine_OnlyPoolOwner(poolId, msg.sender);
 >> if (pool.getPoolAssetFor(poolId) == asset) revert RiskEngine_CannotBorrowPoolAsset(poolId);
    if (ltv > MAX_LTV) revert RiskEngine_LtvTooHigh(ltv);

    LtvUpdate memory ltvUpdate = LtvUpdate({ ltv: ltv, validAfter: block.timestamp + TIMELOCK_DURATION });
    ltvUpdateFor[poolId][asset] = ltvUpdate;

    emit LtvUpdateRequested(poolId, asset, ltv);
}
```

   This check prevents pool owners from setting a non-zero LTV for the pool's own asset.effectively keep the` LTV` to `0` for any asset that matches the pool's asset.

1. In the `RiskModule` contract:
```js
  function _getMinReqAssetValue(
    uint256[] memory debtPools,
    uint256[] memory debtValuleForPool,
    address[] memory positionAssets,
    uint256[] memory wt,
    address position
  ) internal view returns (uint256) {
    uint256 minReqAssetValue;

    uint256 debtPoolsLength = debtPools.length;
    uint256 positionAssetsLength = positionAssets.length;
    for (uint256 i; i < debtPoolsLength; ++i) {
        for (uint256 j; j < positionAssetsLength; ++j) {
            uint256 ltv = riskEngine.ltvFor(debtPools[i], positionAssets[j]);
     >>     if (ltv == 0) revert RiskModule_UnsupportedAsset(position, debtPools[i], positionAssets[j]);
            minReqAssetValue += debtValuleForPool[i].mulDiv(wt[j], ltv, Math.Rounding.Up);
        }
    }

    if (minReqAssetValue == 0) revert RiskModule_ZeroMinReqAssets();
    return minReqAssetValue;
 }
```

This check prevents positions from using assets with zero LTV as collateral.
- since `_getMinReqAssetValue` is called by `isPositionHealthy` function after each action , if the `ltv`  for any `asset-pool` pair is `0` , the function will revert.
- thus it's impossible to use borrowed assets as collateral. This directly contradicts the intended leverage mechanism, which, as confirmed by the sponsor(since there is no context about in the readme and the docs), meant to be using the borrowed funds as collateral to borrow more and so on.

- While a potential workaround might involve looping through *borrowing, swapping borrowed funds for a collateral asset, and borrowing again*, this is not feasible due to limitations in the `Position` contract's `exec` function as swap throught `exec` function isn't allowed (and it's not the expected behavior to achieve leverage as confirmed by sponsor)

```js

    function exec(address position, bytes calldata data) internal {
      // some code .. 
   >>   if (!isKnownFunc[target][funcSelector]) revert PositionManager_UnknownFuncSelector(target, funcSelector);

        Position(payable(position)).exec(target, value, data[52:]);
        emit Exec(position, msg.sender, target, funcSelector);
    }

```


- The discrepancy between the protocol's design goals and its actual implementation not only limits functionality but also raises concerns about the overall understanding and execution of the protocol's core principles.

## Impact
1. leverage position is not possible as intended which is one of the main functionality of the protocol, for a user to achieve leverage, they would need to go through a complex process of : 
   borrowing, withdrawing , swapping , deposit , and borrowing again, which is not only inefficient but also introduces additional cost and complexities. 

## Code Snippet
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/0b472f4bffdb2c7432a5d21f1636139cc01561a5/protocol-v2/src/RiskModule.sol#L267
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/0b472f4bffdb2c7432a5d21f1636139cc01561a5/protocol-v2/src/RiskEngine.sol#L177
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/0b472f4bffdb2c7432a5d21f1636139cc01561a5/protocol-v2/src/PositionManager.sol#L231
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

- allow setting non-zero LTV values for pool assets.
