Salty Honeysuckle Puma

Medium

# isPositionHealthy checking is done when withdrawing/transferring borrowed tokens from a position which is incorrect.

## Summary
Users may not withdraw/transfer position’s debt tokens properly as isPositionHealthy checking is done both for position’s asset and debt tokens. 

## Vulnerability Detail
Position owner can withdraw the position's asset and debt tokens by executing  function transfer by calling the  function process(contract PositionManager).

Whenever the  function process is called, it always checks isPositionHealthy at the end of this function execution.

So when the function transfer is called, it checks isPositionHealthy at the end of this function execution. Checking isPositionHealthy makes sense when position’s asset tokens are transferred from the position but it does not make sense when position’s debt/borrowed  tokens are transferred from the position.

Because
1. Taking the debt/borrowed token does not affect collateralRatio i.e minReqAssetValue as Positions cannot borrow against the same asset that is being lent out.
 
2. the user has already borrowed the funds (with  origination fee and collateralized), it is the user's asset, and should be able to be withdrawn at will, even if it may be liquidated.



## Impact
if the debt tokens are already borrowed, just stored in position and not yet taken, but due to a slight price fluctuation, the position becomes unhealthy and the position is not being liquidated, then the user may not be able to take the borrowed token.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/PositionManager.sol#L307
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
make sure to not check  isPositionHealthy checking when withdrawing/transferring borrowed tokens from a position