Attractive Caramel Fox

Medium

# Liquidations will revert if a position has been blacklisted for USDC

## Summary
Liquidations will revert if a position has been blacklisted for USDC
## Vulnerability Detail
Upon liquidations, we call the following function:
```solidity
function _transferAssetsToLiquidator(address position, AssetData[] calldata assetData) internal {
        // transfer position assets to the liquidator and accrue protocol liquidation fees
        uint256 assetDataLength = assetData.length;
        for (uint256 i; i < assetDataLength; ++i) {
            // ensure assetData[i] is in the position asset list
            if (Position(payable(position)).hasAsset(assetData[i].asset) == false) {
                revert PositionManager_SeizeInvalidAsset(position, assetData[i].asset);
            }
            // compute fee amt
            // [ROUND] liquidation fee is rounded down, in favor of the liquidator
            uint256 fee = liquidationFee.mulDiv(assetData[i].amt, 1e18);
            // transfer fee amt to protocol
            Position(payable(position)).transfer(owner(), assetData[i].asset, fee);
            // transfer difference to the liquidator
            Position(payable(position)).transfer(msg.sender, assetData[i].asset, assetData[i].amt - fee);
        }
    }
```
As seen, we call `transfer()` on the `Position` contract which just transfers the specified amount of funds to the provided receiver. As mentioned in the contest README, USDC will be whitelisted for the protocol. If the `position` address is blacklisted for USDC, this transcation would fail and the liquidation for that user would brick. The user in charge of that position could increase his chance of getting blacklisted by using the `exec()` function which calls a particular function on a target (both have to be whitelisted by an owner). If they do malicious stuff and even worse, manage to find a vulnerability that they can exploit on the allowed target, they might get blacklisted which would brick liquidations for them, especially if their only deposited collateral token is USDC.

Even worse, every user can call `addToken()` for USDC without having to deposit any USDC nor to have any USDC balance making this attack free, the only thing the user needs to make happen is to get blacklisted.
## Impact
Liquidations will revert if a position has been blacklisted for USDC. Likelihood - low, impact - high
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/25a0c8aeaddec273c5318540059165696591ecfb/protocol-v2/src/PositionManager.sol#L478
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Fix is not trivial but an option is implementing a try/catch block and additional checks in order to not make the liquidator unwillingly repay the debt while not receiving the collateral.