Bitter Sandstone Worm

Medium

# User can get liquidated because of the `SEQ_GRACE_PERIOD`

### Summary

Protocol implements a check for chainlink sequencer uptime and a grace period:
```solidity
    function _checkSequencerFeed() private view {
        (, int256 answer, uint256 startedAt,,) = ARB_SEQ_FEED.latestRoundData();

        // answer == 0 -> sequncer up
        // answer == 1 -> sequencer down
        if (answer != 0) revert ChainlinkUsdOracle_SequencerDown();
        if (startedAt == 0) revert ChainlinkUsdOracle_InvalidRound();

        if (block.timestamp - startedAt <= SEQ_GRACE_PERIOD) revert ChainlinkUsdOracle_GracePeriodNotOver();
    }

```
The grace period is set to 1 hour, which means that in case of downtime of arbitrum sequencer, `startedAt` param will be updated with the timestamp when the sequencer is back. As a result, sentiment chainlink oracle functionality will revert for 1 hour. The problem is that this will influence also debt repayments because in the end of each position modification transaction, [position health is checked](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/0b472f4bffdb2c7432a5d21f1636139cc01561a5/protocol-v2/src/PositionManager.sol#L231). This check query different tokens data from the risk engine(debts and assets), which will hit the oracle sequencer check. In the situation of sequencer downtime, there is a big probability that some assets may drop in price and borrowers won't be able to repay their debts before they enter the state to be liquidated. This is bad for the honest borrowers and may lead to their funds being unfairly liquidated.
Another impact is that a partial repayment will call `_getValueOf`, which will revert.
Note that if user repay all his debts, he won't hit the sequencer check, but this is not enough assurance.
There may be a user with 5 different debts is 5 different pools and he may want to repay only 4 of those loans to obtain his collateral back/swap it and repay the final debt, but he won't be able.

### Root Cause

Checking health check on debt repayment.

### Internal pre-conditions

- User having liquidatable debt
- The user not having enough funds for full repayment 

### External pre-conditions

- Active `SEQ_GRACE_PERIOD` is optional, but not mandatory condition

### Attack Path

- Imagine Bob borrows WETH, USDC and BNB $1000 each and has collateral portfolio of $4000 at 100% ltv utilization
- He has lost all BNB and cannot repay it
- After seq being down, WETH price has increased with 20% and Bob debts are liquidatable
- He has only $2200 ($1200 WETH, 1000 USDC) worth of assets, but he has to repay all $3000, so his transaction can pass. 
- Grace period is over and he is liquidated for all his $4K collateral.

If it was possible fo Bob to repay his WETH and USDC debts, he would have obtained collateral valued at his last debt. He could have swapped those tokens and repay the last debt

### Impact

Unfair liquidations for victims => Lost of funds

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Consider skipping the healthy check when the user is repaying his debt