Lucky Cornflower Porcupine

Medium

# Unsafe LTV update implementation

### Summary

The `RiskEngine` contract stores the LTV per assets for each pools. A pool owner can update the LTV of an asset (collateral) after a 24 hours timelock.
This is a very unsafe implementation that can lead to unexpected liquidations for users.

### Root Cause

In the `RiskEngine` contract the function [`requestLtvUpdate()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/0b472f4bffdb2c7432a5d21f1636139cc01561a5/src/RiskEngine.sol#L167-L167) can be called to request a LTV update on an asset. After a 24 hours timelock the function [`acceptLtvUpdate()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/0b472f4bffdb2c7432a5d21f1636139cc01561a5/src/RiskEngine.sol#L190-L190) can be called to execute the change.

The LTV can only be set between 98% and 2% according to the contest documentation.

Pool owners are trusted entities, a user will not deposit in a pool if he doesn't trust the owner. This means a pool owner will only lower LTVs for security reasons.

The problem is that because the change is currently set to be executed only 24 hours later (max 72 hours) and is immediate after the timelock, multiple issues can happen:
- Some users may not have time to update their position accordingly and end up in liquidation.
- Some users may not be aware of the upcoming change and execute their borrow just before the change happen putting them instantly in liquidation.
- In case of bad event (e.g. infinite mint), 24 to 72 hours might be too long for the LTV change to happen, malicious user could take advantage of the pool and owners couldn't do anything about it to protect their users.
- In case of bad event (e.g. infinite mint), The LTV cannot be fully removed and has to be set to 2% which will still allow malicious users to use the asset.

### Internal pre-conditions

- Pool owner request a LTV change
- User not aware of that LTV change

### External pre-conditions

- Market volatility or asset suffering a hack

### Attack Path

Path1:
1. Asset suffer high volatility.
2. Pool owner decides to lower the LTV.
3. Existing users and users that borrow during the timelock might not be aware of the upcoming change.
4. New LTV is set.
5. Users are now at liquidation risk.

Path 2:
1. Asset suffer high volatility or suffer a hack (e.g. infinite mint).
7. Pool owner is unable to reduce the LTV in less than 24 hours and can only reduce to 2%.
8. Malicious users can keep borrowing using the asset as collateral during the timelock and even after the execution at 2% LTV.

### Impact

- Unfair liquidation for legit users
- Impossibility for a owner to fully remove an asset as collateral
- Impossibility for a owner to act quickly in case of a hack/high volatility

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

- Consider using the queued LTV for new borrowings, this will enforce that new borrowings will not be able to use a soon outdated LTV.
- Consider slowly applying the new LTV to existing position, e.g. 80% to 70% LTV would slowly lower over multiple days (79, 78,77... 70%) giving time for users to update their positions.
- Consider allowing the owner to fully remove an asset from allowed assets as collateral. This might require an update of the risk module that currently reverts if asset has 0% LTV.