Bright Pecan Hawk

Medium

# `Position.exec()` should be payable

## Summary
`Position.exec()` should be payable

## Vulnerability Detail
`Position.exec()` is used to execute a transaction by Intereact with external contracts using arbitrary calldata. `exec()` function takes `value` as a param and part of transaction call. The value is the ethers which are sent along with function call. 

```solidity
    function exec(address target, uint256 value, bytes calldata data) external onlyPositionManager {
@>        (bool success,) = target.call{ value: value }(data);
        if (!success) revert Position_ExecFailed(address(this), target);
    }
```

It can be seen at (@>), the ether value is indeed a part of `exec()` function as the **value is not hardcoded to 0.**

Now, the issue is that, `exec()` will revert when msg.value > 0. The current implementation of the `exec()` function within the smart contract lacks the payable keyword. This omission leads to a critical issue where any transaction that attempts to send ether (ETH) to this function or with call of this function will fail.

Since the function is designed to allow the `onlyPositionManager` to execute transaction calls and potentially send ETH, the inability to accept ETH due to the missing payable specifier means that:

1) The contract does not behave as intended when interacting with functions or operations requiring ETH transfers via `exec()`
2) Any attempt to send ETH to `exec()` function will revert and result in a failure of the intended operation.
3) ETH sent to this non-payable function will be stuck and effectively lost, leading to financial losses for the function callers.

## Impact
`exec()` will fail when `value` param is greater than 0 so exec() can not be succesfully execute the transaction due to this issue.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/0b472f4bffdb2c7432a5d21f1636139cc01561a5/protocol-v2/src/Position.sol#L103-L106

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Make exec() payable.