Massive Seafoam Eel

Medium

# If RiskEngine is ever updated in the registy, some of the outstanding borrow positions can become liquidatable effective immediately.

## Summary
RiskEngine stores LTV for Pool-Asset pairs. If it's ever changed in the registry, some positions can become liquidatable effective immediately.
## Vulnerability Detail
RiskEngine stores LTV for Pool-Asset pairs, which determine the amount of the collateral asset a user must provide to borrow X amount of an asset being lent out.
For example if Bob borrows 100 ETH worth of assetA against assetB witn an LTV of 80%, he must provide at least `100 ETH / 80% = 125 ETH` worth of assetB. This is calculated in the RiskModule based on the LTV set in the RiskEngine.
[RiskModule.sol#L264-L272](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/0b472f4bffdb2c7432a5d21f1636139cc01561a5/protocol-v2/src/RiskModule.sol#L264-L272)
```solidity
uint256 ltv = riskEngine.ltvFor(  <<@
    debtPools[i],
    positionAssets[j]
);
// revert with pool id and the asset that is not supported by the pool
if (ltv == 0)
    revert RiskModule_UnsupportedAsset(
        position,
        debtPools[i],
        positionAssets[j]
    );
// debt is weighted in proportion to value of position assets. if your position
// consists of 60% A and 40% B, then 60% of the debt is assigned to be backed by A
// and 40% by B. this is iteratively computed for each pool the position borrows from
minReqAssetValue += debtValuleForPool[i].mulDiv(  <<@
    wt[j],
    ltv,
    Math.Rounding.Up
);
```

To set an LTV for an asset, the owner of the pool must call `RiskEngine::requestLtvUpdate()`.
[RiskEngine.sol#L181-L182](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/0b472f4bffdb2c7432a5d21f1636139cc01561a5/protocol-v2/src/RiskEngine.sol#L181-L182)
```solidity
if (ltvFor[poolId][asset] == 0)
    ltvUpdate = LtvUpdate({ltv: ltv, validAfter: block.timestamp});
else
    ltvUpdate = LtvUpdate({
        ltv: ltv,
        validAfter: block.timestamp + TIMELOCK_DURATION
    });
```
From the code snippet above we see that if an LTV for an asset has already been set, the owner must wait `TIMELOCK_DURATION` before they can finalize that update. This is done to ensure an update of an LTV does not happen unexpectedly for borrowers as a sudden decrease in LTV could result in immediate liquidation. 
However, when the RiskEngine is updated in the registry, which happens without using a timelock, it can immediately be updated in the RiskModule via a call to `updateFromRegistry()`.
[ Registry.sol#L27-L29](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/0b472f4bffdb2c7432a5d21f1636139cc01561a5/protocol-v2/src/Registry.sol#L27-L29)
```solidity
function setAddress(bytes32 key, address addr) external onlyOwner {
    addressFor[key] = addr;
    emit AddressSet(key, addr);
}
```
[RiskModule.sol#L61-L64](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/0b472f4bffdb2c7432a5d21f1636139cc01561a5/protocol-v2/src/RiskModule.sol#L61-L64)
```solidity
function updateFromRegistry() external {
    pool = Pool(REGISTRY.addressFor(SENTIMENT_POOL_KEY));
    riskEngine = RiskEngine(REGISTRY.addressFor(SENTIMENT_RISK_ENGINE_KEY));
}
```

Let's take a previous example where Bob borrows 100 ETH worth of assetA providing 130 ETH worth of assetB with an LTV of 80%.
Bob position is currently healthy as he is required to maintain at least 120 ETH worth of assetB as collateral. The RiskEngine is updated in the registry and subsequently updated in the RiskModule. The owner of the pool Bob has borrowed from calls `requestLtvUpdate()` setting LTV to 75%, which puts the minimal required value of collateral Bob must maintain at `100 ETH / 75% = 133 ETH`. Bob's position become unhealthy immediately and his is liquidated without being given a chance to provide more collateral.
## Impact
If RiskEngine is ever changed in the registry, some of the positions can become liquidatable effective immediately.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/0b472f4bffdb2c7432a5d21f1636139cc01561a5/protocol-v2/src/RiskEngine.sol#L167-L187
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The crux of this issue is the fact that when RiskEngine is updated in the registry, any subsequent change of an already set LTV will happen immediately as the new RiskEngine contract won't have old values stored in it.
Possible solution would be to store LTV value in a separate data structure in the Pool contract. This way even when RiskEngine is updated to an new contract it will load current LTV values for Pool-Asset pairs from the Pool contract, therefore any change of the already set LTV will happen only after `TIMELOCK_DURATION`.