Damaged Malachite Gibbon

High

# SuperPool's inequitable fee distribution model

## Summary

The `feeRecipient` of a `SuperPool` receives a share of the accrued interest, but is not accountable for any decline in the total assets of the `SuperPool`. To maximize his own benefit, the owner of the `SuperPool` would opt for a high-risk, high-interest rate base pool. While this strategy may expose lenders to considerable potential losses, it allows the owner of the `SuperPool` to achieve greater returns.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `lastTotalAssets` is refreshed to reflect the current total assets each time the `accrue()` function is invoked. This function is triggered not only by balance changes but can also be called by anyone at any time.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/SuperPool.sol/#L311-L315
```solidity
    function accrue() public {
        (uint256 feeShares, uint256 newTotalAssets) = simulateAccrue();
        if (feeShares != 0) ERC20._mint(feeRecipient, feeShares);
        lastTotalAssets = newTotalAssets;
    }
```

The accrued interest is calculated as the difference between the current total assets and `lastTotalAssets` at [L655](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/SuperPool.sol/#L655). 

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/SuperPool.sol/#L653-L663
```solidity
    function simulateAccrue() internal view returns (uint256, uint256) {
        uint256 newTotalAssets = totalAssets();
655:    uint256 interestAccrued = (newTotalAssets > lastTotalAssets) ? newTotalAssets - lastTotalAssets : 0;
        if (interestAccrued == 0 || fee == 0) return (0, newTotalAssets);

        uint256 feeAssets = interestAccrued.mulDiv(fee, WAD);
        // newTotalAssets already includes feeAssets
        uint256 feeShares = _convertToShares(feeAssets, newTotalAssets - feeAssets, totalSupply(), Math.Rounding.Down);

        return (feeShares, newTotalAssets);
    }
```

The total assets increase by the interest accrued in the base pools; however, they may decrease due to bad debt arising from those pools.
The owner of the `SuperPool` receives shares when positive interest is generated but incurs no losses in the event of bad debt. This creates an inequitable mechanism.

The owner of the `SuperPool` would opt for a high-risk, high-interest rate base pool in order to maximize his own benefit. Then the owner of the `SuperPool` can achieve greater returns, but lenders may face significant potential losses.

Consider the following scenario: (For simplicity, let's assume there are no balance changes.)
1. The total assets decrease from 10,000 to 9,000 due to bad debt incurred in the base pools.
2. The `accrue()` function is called, updating `lastTotalAssets` to 9,000.
3. The total assets decrease from 10,000 to 9,500 due to the interest accrued in the base pools.
4. `accrue()` is called. 
    `lastTotalAssets` becomes 9400. `interestAccrued = 9400 - 9000 = 400`. 
    
In the above scenario, the `feeRecipient` of a `SuperPool` receives a portion of the accrued interest, which is unjust, as the price per share decreases instead of increasing.

From the viewpoint of a base pool, a high loan-to-value (LTV) ratio indicates increased risk, while a high interest rate suggests the potential for higher returns.

For instance, he wouldn’t deposit money in a bank (which has low risk and low interest) only to use that money to invest in stocks (which are high risk and high return). 

Because he does not bear the losses personally, all losses are attributed to the customer.

This situation does not occur when customers directly interact with the basepools, as the parameters for each basepool are publicly available. Any changes to these parameters will be delayed and require the administrator's approval.

Therefore, it is reasonable for the customer to assume the losses; however, the superpool operates differently.

As previously mentioned, the superpool owner exploits the conflict of interest between the two parties to ensure the lenders incur losses while maximizing his own benefits.

## Impact

Lenders may face significant potential losses.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/SuperPool.sol/#L653-L663
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/SuperPool.sol/#L311-L315

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Fee shares should be given to the `feeRecipient` only when the price per share increases. In other words, fee shares should be allocated to the feeRecipient only when lenders realize actual profits.