Generous Navy Bear

Medium

# Protocol lets the asset to accumulate in the SuperPool contract without depsoting to available deposit pools.

## Summary
The `supplyToPools` function is supposed to distribute the depositors funds accross the pools in an optimal way so that assets will not be accumulated in the superPool before filling the pools mentioned in the depositQueue.
But since we are not checking the `basepoolCap` mentioned in `BasePool` for all the queued pools, it will revert if an amount greater than the `basepoolCap` is deposited.
If  that `basePool` is the last pool in the queue , even though the contract can deposit assets into that pool it will let it revert and store the `assets` in the contract itself hence being inefficent in allocation and as a result less interest is supplied for the depositors

## Vulnerability Detail


In the `_supplyToPools()` , supplyAmt for a pool is calculated by comparing the available amount to reach the poolCapFor that pool and the remaining assets to be deposited.

If the comparison is satisfied then it will `try` depositng that amount to the pool.


https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/0b472f4bffdb2c7432a5d21f1636139cc01561a5/protocol-v2/src/SuperPool.sol#L526-L541

```solidity
    function _supplyToPools(uint256 assets) internal {
        uint256 depositQueueLength = depositQueue.length;
        for (uint256 i; i < depositQueueLength; ++i) {
            uint256 poolId = depositQueue[i];
            uint256 assetsInPool = POOL.getAssetsOf(poolId, address(this));

            if (assetsInPool < poolCapFor[poolId]) {
                uint256 supplyAmt = poolCapFor[poolId] - assetsInPool;
=>                if (assets < supplyAmt) supplyAmt = assets;
                ASSET.forceApprove(address(POOL), supplyAmt);


                // skip and move to the next pool in queue if deposit reverts
=>                try POOL.deposit(poolId, supplyAmt, address(this)) {
                    assets -= supplyAmt;
                } catch { }


                if (assets == 0) return;
            }
        }
    }

```

But the bug occurs , when the `POOL.deposit(poolId, supplyAmt, address(this))` reverts because the supplyAmt < base poolCap mentioned by the underlying basePool owner.  [code](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/0b472f4bffdb2c7432a5d21f1636139cc01561a5/protocol-v2/src/Pool.sol#L320)

And the entire `supplyAmt` is then checked with the next pool in the deposit Queue.

Suppose we are in the last pool of the depositqueue , then the entire `supplyAmt` gets accumulated  in the `SuperPool contract` goeswithout yielding any interest.

When protocol could have deposit `basePoolCap - supplyAmount` to that last pool it decided to let the entire supplyAmt to get accumulated in the superPool leading to very less optimal preference. 



## Impact
Protocol lets the asset to accumulated in the SuperPool contract even though they can be deposited in the pools mentioned in the QUEUE.


## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/0b472f4bffdb2c7432a5d21f1636139cc01561a5/protocol-v2/src/SuperPool.sol#L526-L541
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Check for the basePoolCap too.