Expert Lipstick Okapi

High

# `redeem` and `withdraw` do not include slippage protection

## Summary
There is no slippage check in redeem/withdraw function that could lead to users receiving less value than they want
## Vulnerability Detail

When a user who has deposited assets into the SuperPool wishes to withdraw (or redeem) them, they can do so by calling either the withdraw or redeem functions. However under normal conditions in the vault, users expect to receive their full deposited asset amount back. But, if the  vault experiences a loss, this rate will decrease and the user will suffer a loss, there is no check in these functions to ensure that a user will get a minimum amount while redeeming and withdrawing.

Also if EOA's are calling these superPools directly their is no option to specify the slippage parameters as  [EIPS](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4626#security-considerations) mentions that "if implementors intend to support EOA account access directly, they should consider adding an additional function call for deposit/mint/withdraw/redeem with the means to accommodate slippage loss or unexpected deposit/withdrawal limits, since they have no other means to revert the transaction if the exact output amount is not achieved."

EOAs can call the deposit and ERC4626DepositOnly.mint functions directly. However, because no slippage controls can be specified when calling these functions, these function's shares and assets outputs can be less than expected to these EOAs.

These both are different issues but I'm keeping them under 1 issue to because both of them are almost having same root cause i.e slippage.

## Impact
Users will suffer a loss due to slippage while withdrawing or redeeming.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/SuperPool.sol#L281-L286

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/SuperPool.sol#L293-L298
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Include a slippage logic in these function to revert if the minOutAmount is not as expected.