Gorgeous Gingerbread Griffin

Medium

# Griefing Attack Vulnerability in `initializePool` Function


## Reference
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/Pool.sol#L562
## Summary
The `initializePool` function allows anyone to initialize a new pool without any access control. This design choice makes the function vulnerable to front-running attacks where an adversary can observe a transaction in the mempool and initialize the same pool with a very low poolCap, leading to a denial-of-service (DoS) scenario.
## Vulnerability Detail
The `initializePool` function is vulnerable to a griefing attack due to the lack of access control and the predictable nature of the pool ID. The pool ID is derived from the owner, asset, and rate model key using a deterministic hash:

```solidity
poolId = uint256(keccak256(abi.encodePacked(owner, asset, rateModelKey)));
```
Since this pool ID is easily predictable, an attacker can monitor the mempool for legitimate user transactions attempting to initialize a new pool. Once the attacker detects such a transaction, they can front-run it by submitting their own transaction first to initialize the pool with a very low or incorrect `poolCap`. This makes the pool effectively unusable and blocks the intended operation for legitimate users.

The initialization process lacks any verification for meaningful values for the `poolCap`, allowing a attacker to set it to an insignificant value (e.g., 1 or even 0). Once the pool is initialized with such parameters, it cannot be easily corrected or updated, thereby locking the pool in an unusable state.

*Example Scenario*
- A user wants to initialize a pool with a proper poolCap and relevant parameters. They submit a transaction to do so.
- The attacker detects the transaction in the mempool and calculates the pool ID based on the same owner, asset, and rate model key.

- The attacker submits a transaction with a higher gas fee, initializing the pool first with a low poolCap, such as 1.

- The legitimate user’s transaction reverts because the pool is already initialized. Now, the pool is rendered useless due to the low poolCap, effectively denying service to the legitimate user.

This scenario demonstrates how a bad actor can block pool creation or render pools non-functional through this griefing tactic.
## Impact
It can lead to DOS and prevent legitimate users from creating necessary pools, effectively blocking the system’s intended functionality.
## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Allow for adjustable pool parameters within a specific grace period post-initialization if they are found to be set below a functional threshold. Also implement access control to restrict only whitelisted users can initialize pools.

