Obedient Burgundy Locust

Medium

# Missing LTV Bounds Validation in setLtvBounds() Function can cause any requestLtvUpdate() operation to revert.

## Summary
The setLtvBounds function in the contract allows the contract owner to set the minimum (minLtv) and maximum (maxLtv) Loan-to-Value (LTV) bounds. However, the function lacks a critical validation check to ensure that minLtv is less than maxLtv. This missing check could allow a malicious owner to set invalid LTV bounds (minLtv > maxLtv), causing any future requestLtvUpdate calls to revert, effectively preventing pool owners from updating the LTV for their pools.

## Vulnerability Detail
The setLtvBounds function allows the owner to set the LTV bounds without checking that minLtv is less than maxLtv. The lack of this check can result in invalid bounds being set, causing subsequent operations that rely on these bounds to fail.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/RiskEngine.sol#L221-L230

## Impact
The absence of a validation check for minLtv < maxLtv can have significant operational and security impacts:

**Denial of Service (DoS):** By setting minLtv greater than maxLtv, a malicious owner could create a state where no valid LTV value exists between the minimum and maximum bounds. This would cause any requestLtvUpdate operation to revert, effectively preventing any pool from updating its LTV. This situation can lead to a denial of service for all pool owners who need to adjust their LTV settings.

**Operational Disruption:** The ability to update LTV is critical for pool management and risk adjustment. If this functionality is blocked, it could cause significant disruption to the normal operations of the pool, potentially affecting all users relying on the pool’s functionality.

## Proof Of Concept
1.  Malicious owner set the minLTV greater then maxLTV using setLTVBounds due to the lack of check that.
 
 ``` javascript
  require(_minLtv < _maxLtv, "Invalid LTV bounds: minLtv must be less than maxLtv"); 
   ```
    
2.  Now when any pool owner want to call requestLtvUpdate() it always revert due to the check

   ``` javascript
   // ensure new ltv is within global limits. also enforces that an existing ltv cannot be updated to zero
        if (ltv < minLtv || ltv > maxLtv) revert RiskEngine_LtvLimitBreached(ltv);
   ```

## Proof Of Code

``` javascript

    function testOwnerCanUpdateLTV() public {
        uint256 startLtv = riskEngine.ltvFor(linearRatePool, address(asset1));
        assertEq(startLtv, 0);
        vm.startPrank(riskEngine.owner());
         // @audit : Owner set the minLTV>maxLTV
        riskEngine.setLtvBounds(2e18 , 1e15);
        vm.stopPrank();
// @audit : When poolOwner call requestLtvUpdate it always going to revert
        vm.startPrank(poolOwner);
        uint256 ltv = 0.75e18;
        vm.expectRevert(abi.encodeWithSelector(RiskEngine.RiskEngine_LtvLimitBreached.selector, ltv));
        riskEngine.requestLtvUpdate(linearRatePool, address(asset2), ltv);
        vm.stopPrank();
        }
```
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To mitigate this vulnerability, it is crucial to add a validation check in the setLtvBounds function to ensure that minLtv is always less than maxLtv.
``` javascript
function setLtvBounds(uint256 _minLtv, uint256 _maxLtv) external onlyOwner {
    if (_minLtv == 0) revert RiskEngine_MinLtvTooLow();
    if (_maxLtv >= 1e18) revert RiskEngine_MaxLtvTooHigh();
    
    // @audit-fix : Add validation check to ensure minLtv is less than maxLtv
++  require(_minLtv < _maxLtv, "Invalid LTV bounds: minLtv must be less than maxLtv");
    
    minLtv = _minLtv;
    maxLtv = _maxLtv;

    emit LtvBoundsSet(_minLtv, _maxLtv);
}
