Howling Cornflower Jay

Medium

# initial depositor will use inflation attack of ERC4626 to steal subsequent deposit assets

### Summary

The initial deposit problem of ERC4626 allows the first depositor to deposit 1 asset to get 1 share. Then a victim's transaction is seen in the mempool and front-run with a transfer transaction to increase the totalAssets amount such that the victim gets one share

```solidity
        shares = _convertToShares(assets, pool.totalDepositAssets, pool.totalDepositShares, Math.Rounding.Up);

        //~ in _convertToShares
        shares = assets.mulDiv(totalShares, totalAssets, rounding);
```

After the victim deposits his assets, the attacker withdraws his share netting his asset and the victim's assets

### Root Cause

In `Pool.sol:310` The case of inflation attacks hasn't been dealt with. For example uniswap sends the first 1000 shares to the zero address.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/Pool.sol#L315

### Internal pre-conditions

1. The attacker needs to call `deposit` to get `1 share`
2. The victim transaction to deposit is in the mempool
3. attacker sees this and sends the right amount of assets to make sure victim gets just one share (by inflating totalAssets)
4. The victim gets `1 share`
5. The attacker `withdraws` his share and nets a decent chunk of the victim's assets

### External pre-conditions

None

### Attack Path

1. The hacker back-runs a transaction of an ERC4626 pool creation.
2. The hacker mints for themself one share: deposit(1). Thus, totalAsset()==1, totalSupply()==1.
3. The hacker front-runs the deposit of the victim who wants to deposit 20,000 USDT (20,000.000000).
4. The hacker inflates the denominator right in front of the victim: asset.transfer(10_000e6). Now totalAsset()==10_000e6 + 1, totalSupply()==1.
5. Next, the victim's tx takes place. The victim gets 1 * 20_000e6 / (10_000e6 + 1) == 1 shares. The victim gets only one share, which is the same amount as the hacker has.
6. The hacker burns their share and gets half of the pool, which is approximately 30_000e6 / 2 == 15_000e6, so their profit is +5,000 (25% of the victim's deposit).


### Impact

_No response_

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Any of the popular defenses
https://blog.openzeppelin.com/a-novel-defense-against-erc4626-inflation-attacks