Merry Butter Dog

Medium

# Missing circuit breaker checks for Chainlink price feeds

## Summary

There are two implemented chainlink oracles in the protocol - `ChainlinkEthOracle` and `ChainlinkUsdOracle`. They provide prices for ETH-denominated and USD-denominated feeds, which are needed when users are utilizing the protocol's services like borrowing, lending or liquidation with the whitelisted tokens. However Chainlink aggregators have a built in circuit breaker if the price of an asset goes outside of a predetermined price band. If an asset experiences a major drop or rise in value, the price feeds will continue to return `minAnswer/maxAnswer` instead of the actual price. In this case this can brick the protocol, like leading to arbitrage opportunities for the users or putting the protocol in insolvency state. A real world example can be seen [here](https://rekt.news/venus-blizz-rekt/)

## Vulnerability Detail

Chainlink's site says `minAnswer`/`maxAnswer` are deprecated on most price feeds. The list of each feed can be checked [here]( https://data.chain.link/feeds). But that contract is actually the proxy contract, which doesn't expose the min/max answers. Instead the aggregator contract must be checked, for example: 

- USDC/USD - https://etherscan.io/address/0x789190466e21a8b78b8027866cbbdc151542a26c#readContract#F18
- ETH/USD - https://etherscan.io/address/0x37bc7498f4ff12c19678ee8fe19d713b87f6a9e6#readContract#F18 
- BTC/USD - https://etherscan.io/address/0xae74faa92cb67a95ebcab07358bc222e33a34da7#readContract#F18

But if we look at the oracle's code, there are no such checks: 

```javascript
function _getPriceWithSanityChecks(address asset) private view returns (uint256) {
        address feed = priceFeedFor[asset];
        (, int256 price,, uint256 updatedAt,) = IAggegregatorV3(feed).latestRoundData();
        if (price <= 0) revert ChainlinkUsdOracle_NonPositivePrice(asset);
        if (updatedAt < block.timestamp - stalePriceThresholdFor[feed]) revert ChainlinkUsdOracle_StalePrice(asset);
        return uint256(price);
    }    
```

A brief example would be if a token depegs, like USDC or WBTC, which can be whitelisted, since it has valid oracles. Since WBTC is a bridged asset, if the bridge fails then the WBTC will no longer be equal to BTC. That means users can borrow huge amounts against an asset which is worthless.

## Impact

Can result in users claiming different values, than it should, the worst case is to leave the protocol stuck with bad debts

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/0b472f4bffdb2c7432a5d21f1636139cc01561a5/protocol-v2/src/oracle/ChainlinkEthOracle.sol#L99-L104
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/0b472f4bffdb2c7432a5d21f1636139cc01561a5/protocol-v2/src/oracle/ChainlinkUsdOracle.sol#L114-L119

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Implement the necessary `price >= minAnswer` and `price <= maxAnswer`