Abundant Cobalt Gazelle

Medium

# Incorrect Mapping of Stale Price Threshold for ETH in Constructor Leading to Potential Use of Stale Prices in `ChainlinkUsdOracle` contract

## Summary
The constructor of the `ChainlinkUsdOracle` contract incorrectly maps the `stalePriceThreshold` for `ETH`, which can lead to the use of stale prices in calculations. 

The issue can be resolved by the owner by calling `setFeed()` with the correct data.

**BUT**
**There is a high chance that incorrect prices will be used for initial transactions before the owner identifies the issue**

## Vulnerability Detail
In the constructor, the line `stalePriceThresholdFor[ETH] = ethUsdThreshold;` mistakenly maps the stale price threshold to the constant `ETH` address instead of the `ethUsdFeed` address. This misconfiguration can result in the `getValueInEth()` function using outdated price data if the threshold is not correctly associated with the ETH/USD feed.

## Impact
The incorrect mapping can lead to the use of stale prices in the `getValueInEth` function, potentially causing inaccurate asset valuations. This can affect contracts(eg: `Pool` and `RiskModule` contracts) relying on this oracle for price data, leading to financial discrepancies or vulnerabilities. There is a high chance that incorrect prices will be used for initial transactions before the owner identifies and corrects the issue.

There is a chance of using stale prices while borrowing and repaying in the Pool contract. Similarly, stale prices could be used when checking whether a position is healthy, validating liquidator data, and determining the value of assets seized.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/oracle/ChainlinkUsdOracle.sol#L68C1-L69C1

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
```diff
    constructor(address owner, address arbSeqFeed, address ethUsdFeed, uint256 ethUsdThreshold) Ownable() {
        ARB_SEQ_FEED = IAggegregatorV3(arbSeqFeed);
        ETH_USD_FEED = IAggegregatorV3(ethUsdFeed);
        priceFeedFor[ETH] = ethUsdFeed;
-       stalePriceThresholdFor[ETH] = ethUsdThreshold;
+      stalePriceThresholdFor[ethUsdFeed] = ethUsdThreshold;

        _transferOwnership(owner);
    }
```