Mammoth Slate Caterpillar

Medium

# Mitigating Underpayments in the `SuperPool` Contract due to Liquidity Miscalculation

## Summary
The `withdraw` function in the `SuperPool` contract may withdraw less than the intended amount of assets due to an inaccurate calculation of the `Basepool's` liquidity. 
## Vulnerability Detail
 The `_withdrawFromPools` function, which is called by `withdraw`, calculates the maximum withdrawable amount (withdrawAmt) based on the `base pool` `poolLiquidity` obtained from the `getLiquidityOf` function. However, the `getLiquidityOf` function does not call the `accrue` function to update the pool's liquidity before returning the value. This can lead to outdated liquidity information and potentially lower `withdrawal` amounts.

## Impact
If a user attempts to `withdraw` assets from the `SuperPool` and the `Base pool's` liquidity has increased since the last accrual, the withdraw function may underpay the user. This can result in financial loss for the user and potentially erode trust in the `SuperPool` contract.

## Code Snippet
```solidity
function getLiquidityOf(uint256 poolId) public view returns (uint256) {
        //@audit no accrue
        PoolData storage pool = poolDataFor[poolId];
        uint256 assetsInPool = pool.totalDepositAssets - pool.totalBorrowAssets;
        uint256 totalBalance = IERC20(pool.asset).balanceOf(address(this));
        return (totalBalance > assetsInPool) ? assetsInPool : totalBalance;
    }

```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/SuperPool.sol#L548C5-L580C6

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To address this vulnerability, in the `Pool.sol` the `getLiquidityOf` function should be modified to call the `accrue` function before calculating the liquidity. This ensures that the latest liquidity information is used when determining the maximum withdrawable amount.