Lucky Cornflower Porcupine

High

# No greater `timestamps` check in `RedstoneCoreOracle`

### Summary

The `RedstoneCoreOracle` doesn't enforce that the new `timestamps` of the price update is higher than the previous one.
This can lead to the oracle returning a more recent price, then an older price, then a recent one again leading to not reflecting most recent market conditions.

### Root Cause

The function [`updatePrice`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/0b472f4bffdb2c7432a5d21f1636139cc01561a5/src/oracle/RedstoneOracle.sol#L48-L48) in the `RedstoneCoreOracle` contract is in charge of updating the price stored for the corresponding assets.

Redstone API allows to update the price using a price that can be up to 3 minutes in the past.

The function [`updatePrice`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/0b472f4bffdb2c7432a5d21f1636139cc01561a5/src/oracle/RedstoneOracle.sol#L48-L48) always assume that the price passed was from 3 minutes ago.
Comments inside the function indicates that it is not possible to extract the timestamp from the payload. This is partially wrong, there is way to check the timestamps of the price update. See the [redstone oracle adapter from Euler](https://github.com/euler-xyz/euler-price-oracle/blob/dda7da3c641e3bf98dd9c97c19a1c8b8a6c32e21/src/adapter/redstone/RedstoneCoreOracle.sol#L78).

The function assumes that each updates was from 3 minutes ago which can lead to wrong ordering of price updates. For example the function can be update with a price from 5 seconds ago, then be called again but this time with a price from 3 minutes ago, then again be called with a price from 5 seconds ago.

This creates attack path where a malicious user can play with the oracle by updating it back and forth with prices from the last 3 minutes to potentially borrow more than allowed or liquidate a user that shouldn't be.

For example:
The price of a collateral just went up by 2%, a user just borrowed at max LTV using the latest price available for the Redstone oracle. 
A malicious liquidator can come and update the price back to 3 minutes ago before the collateral price went up by 2%, opening the user's position to liquidation and liquidate him.

### Internal pre-conditions

- A user borrowing close to max LTV

### External pre-conditions

- Price volatility of a few percent in 3 minutes, which is common for crypto markets.

### Attack Path

- A user borrows close to max LTV using a collateral that just went up in price and updated the Redstone oracle.
- A liquidator see the transaction, just after the other user borrowed the assets he updates the Redstone oracle back to the price of 3 minutes ago.
- The user is now at risk of liquidation.
- The Liquidator liquidates the user and make a profits using an older price.

### Impact

- A malicious liquidator can liquidate positions that are healthy

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Consider extracting the price timestamps like [done by Euler](https://github.com/euler-xyz/euler-price-oracle/blob/dda7da3c641e3bf98dd9c97c19a1c8b8a6c32e21/src/adapter/redstone/RedstoneCoreOracle.sol#L78) and enforce that it is greater than the previous timestamps saved.