Gorgeous Gingerbread Griffin

Medium

# Inefficient Use of `transfer` for Burning Shares in `SuperPoolFactory`


## Reference
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/main/protocol-v2/src/SuperPoolFactory.sol#L76
## Summary
The `deploySuperPool` function uses the `transfer` method to send burned shares to the `DEAD_ADDRESS`. However, the use of `transfer` instead of `safeTransfer` is problematic because it lacks the necessary checks to handle potential failures in token transfers, especially when interacting with non-standard ERC-20 tokens. This can lead to unexpected behavior, including transaction reverts, which could disrupt the protocol's operations.
## Vulnerability Detail
In the deploySuperPool function, the following line is used to transfer the burned shares:

```solidity
IERC20(superPool).transfer(DEAD_ADDRESS, shares);
```
The transfer method does not check for a successful transfer, meaning it does not revert the transaction if the transfer fails. Some ERC-20 tokens do not return a boolean value or revert upon failure. Instead, they might return `false` or even nothing at all. The transfer method assumes that the transfer will always succeed, which is not always the case. If the transfer fails and the contract does not check the return value, the contract may proceed under the false assumption that the tokens were transferred successfully.

Also tokens like USDT do not strictly follow the ERC-20 standard and can revert if their transfer function is called without additional checks, such as ensuring the allowance is set to zero before updating it. Using safeTransfer from OpenZeppelin’s SafeERC20 library handles these edge cases by reverting the transaction if the transfer fails.

If the transfer fails and the function does not revert, the burned tokens will still remain in the contract, which can lead to inconsistencies in the protocol's accounting and potential vulnerabilities in future interactions.
## Impact
If the transfer fails, the transaction does not revert, leading to inconsistent token states and potential loss of funds. The contract may be incompatible with certain ERC-20 tokens, leading to broader issues in the deployment and operation of the protocol.
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Replace the `transfer` method with `safeTransfer` from OpenZeppelin’s SafeERC20 library to ensure that the transfer is successful and the transaction reverts if it is not.