Keen Jetblack Turtle

Medium

# Users Assets get locked  When Toggled to Unknown State

## Summary

The `PositionManager` allows toggling assets between known and unknown states, potentially locking user funds if an asset becomes unknown after deposit.

## Vulnerability Detail

- The `PositionManager` contract allows the owner to toggle assets between **known** and **unknown** states. However, users can only withdraw assets from their positions if those assets are in a known state. This creates a scenario where user assets can become locked in their positions if the asset's state is changed to unknown.
```solidity
function toggleKnownAsset(address asset) external onlyOwner {
    isKnownAsset[asset] = !isKnownAsset[asset];
    emit ToggleKnownAsset(asset, isKnownAsset[asset]);
}

function transfer(address position, bytes calldata data) internal {
    // ... (previous code)
    if (!isKnownAsset[asset]) revert PositionManager_TransferUnknownAsset(asset);
    // ... (rest of the function)
}
```
This design creates a situation where:
1. A user deposits an asset into their position when it's known.
2. The asset is later toggled to unknown by the owner.
3. The user can no longer withdraw this asset from their position.

- notice that  whether the owner is trusted or not doesn't matter in this scenario. The core issue lies in the design of the system itself, which allows for the potential locking of user assets. Even with a trusted owner.

## Impact

- The primary impact of this vulnerability is the potential for permanent loss of user funds. Once an asset becomes unknown, 


## Code Snippet
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-sentiment-v2/blob/0b472f4bffdb2c7432a5d21f1636139cc01561a5/protocol-v2/src/PositionManager.sol#L522-L525
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
- Allow users to withdraw assets from their positions even if those assets aren't known. Implement proper reentrancy protection to ensure the safety of this operation. 
